Dear Pete,
Many thanks for your letter ,  which arrived  just  when I was thinking of you. I hope you and your family are feeling well.
I remember that I agreed to look after your flat while you are in New York on holiday. The only problem is that on 4th April I have my graduation. As you know I'm in Ferndown now spending  the  last minutes studying for exams. I would like to ask you if my arrival at 4 o'clock on the 5th April is  convenient  for you. If not,  please  let me know. I'm sure we will find another solution.
It's very kind of you to let me use things in your flat. I'm over the moon! Can I also "take care" of your computer and CD player and bicycle?
Can you also let me know when you are going to come back on the 20th ?  Will it be  or   dinnertime   perhaps ? If  so , great! I will be able to see you.
You know that helping you  is  a real pleasure for me . You  really don't have to become flat broke  from  buying things for me but I am interested in American culture. So  a  tiny "Statue of Liberty" will be nice. I will finish now as I have  a  mountain of work to do. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Take Care
Yours,
" Junk  food instead of a carrot"
Young man, are you aware of what you eat and drink? Are you sure that your diet is healthy enough to help you grow   ?
In today's  fast-moving  world young people spend less and less time cooking or eating healthy food. When they are at home,  especially children , parents take care of them and always prepare  a  good dinner with meat or a fresh salad for supper.
However, students who never have time for  a  healthy diet full of minerals, vitamins  and  fibre usually  finish  on "McDonalds"  and  hamburgers or  Big  Macs. Moreover, very often  the  school canteen doesn't offer  varied   types of  food ,  like different kinds of bread or salads. Usually we don't eat regularly  or  in good  proportions . Our grandparents always remembered the value and quality of food. They found time to eat something hot for dinner - the main meal  -  and  even though  the times were  poorer , people were more sensible.
In my opinion people, especially the young, should become more aware of what and when they eat  and  they should  work on  their lifestyles and  keep their head .
Dear Pete,
I hope you have a fantastic time in New York and please don't worry about your flat. Everything is going to be under control! But I want to make some points clear before you leave London.
First of all, I think I'm going to be busy on the 4th of April. Can we change the  date   (into*/to)  the 5th of April, at 4 o'clock?
Thanks very much for letting me use your things during  my  stay. I may need to use  particularly  the computer and the CD player. Is that OK  (for*/with)  you?
By the way, if you tell me around what time you will be back on the 20th, maybe I can prepare something for dinner. I know you're going to be too tired to cook after 11 hours of  flying .
Last of all, thanks for your  consideration  about bringing me a present.  Anything as a  souvenir   would be quite enough for me. I'll leave it to you. I know you have    good taste in presents!!
Have a great time in the States.
Love,
To whom it may concern,
With regards to your advertisement in "The Traveller" magazine, I would be pleased to tell you why I want to apply for this  trip .
The first thing that caught my attention in the advert was "... eight people from different countries... ". I am very interested in meeting and spending time with people from other cultures.
I am generally known as an easy-going person and I can remain calm in    emergency situations and I am quite reliable too.
Obviously a sailing trip  has not got  the most comfortable conditions but I think this makes the idea more exciting. I believe that facing difficulties will make me more mature in the real  world  and having friends from all over the world will help me to think " globally ".
I hope this letter will be enough to explain why I want to do this trip.
Yours  faithfully 
Dear Ms    Clark
I am writing to you because I have some  suggestions   (about*/for)  next  year's  festival, and if it is possible I  would like   to give  you some opinions about this  year's  festival.
Firstly, in your advertisement  it  states: stars and  artists  from around the world,  but  this year  they were     only from six countries .  It would be great if there  were  more  artists   and  not  just  six.
Secondly, the concerts  were  fantastic, especially  the  rock concerts. I  enjoyed them a lot , but some of the halls are too small. I saw that a lot of people were unsatisfied.
Another thing, <NS type="M"></NS> plays and films. I saw only 2 plays and 3 films. For me it is too  few . One of the reasons that I have visited your  arts  festival was to  see  a lot of plays .  In  the  future ,  I  hope  to be an actress and that's  why  I want to learn something from  the   professionals . I  hope  that next year I will.
The last thing is that I was very surprised when I read that you have  a   weekend  ticket  . This is  an  excellent idea because during the week people don't have too much time to go to the festival. Now they can visit it  (by*/with)   the  whole family at the weekend and see all events  (in*/for)   a   reasonable price  . 
I  hope  that you consider my opinions. If you can't consider all of  them , I would like only one: more and    more plays!
 Yours sincerely 
Dear Annabel
Thank you for your letter, and I'm sorry I  haven't written . I  have had  examinations, but now I have plenty of time and I can write a letter to you. In your letter you ask me about  the  rules  I have at school and home . I think that they are the same as yours, but I'm not  100 per cent sure  so I  am writing   this letter :
 The   rules  at school are: we must be on time  (at*/for)  lessons,  and   we   must always   do   our  homework. Everybody must be present at lessons. If someone is ill ,   they  must bring a  note  from a doctor. And the main rule is that everyone must be nice to  the  teachers .  At home I must clean my room and  vacuum   the  home. I often go shopping and help my mother clean windows. I like  cleaning  my home, and I like  it  when  it  is clean and fresh. However I'm the only child and I don't have  to do  too much but I want  to  and I like it. There is one thing I  would like  to change,  and that is  the treatment students  receive   (by*/from)  teachers. They want too much  (for*/from)  students  and are  unkind   (for*/to)  them.
That's all .  I hope that I  have given  you answers for all  the  questions you  had .
Give my best wishes to your family . 
Bye
Dear Mrs    Clark,
I am writing with reference to the International Arts Festival  which  I have recently been to and I would like to give you my opinions about it.
According to the title of the advertisement, which was a great idea, there  would be  stars and artists from around the world   but they were only from six countries.
In addition to this ,  some concert halls were too small to host all the people who were there  for  the occasion and, personally speaking ,   I think  the show could be done  (at*/in)  the open air next year, so that  the  music would also create a fantastic atmosphere all around.
 The plays  and films  were  a great success and I would like to ask if there will be more next year because in my opinion people would appreciate it.
The other events I went to, dance shows, art exhibitions and  talks  by writers, were  well-organised  and extremely interesting.
Furthermore the weekend ticket was reasonably-priced and this was  an  excellent decision because it gave the opportunity to a lot of people, adults but also students, to take part  (to*/in)  the Festival.
Yours sincerely,
Dear George,
I'm writing to answer your question about  the  rules in my life, at school and at home.
As you may know, I attend a Liceo, which is the most  difficult  kind of high school in Italy.
Our teachers are very  strict , we have to stand up as they come into class and wait until they say ôDo sit down! "   . We can't talk during lessons and we only have a  ten-minute  break at 10.30 a.m. If we're late, we have to go to the principal and ask for his signature <NS type="M"></NS> to go to class.
It's hard to be extremely  quiet  for five hours but I reckon it's a good  method  of education.
 On the other hand , I feel free at home. I help doing  the  cleaning or the washing, but I do it because I want to, not because my parents make me do it.
I can go out and stay out late, I've got my car and my mobile, so that they can call me whenever they need to  speak to  me; but above all I know they trust me and consider  me  an adult.
 Therefore  I wouldn't change anything in my home life     or  in my school life.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes , 
Dear Jane Clark, the organiser of  the  International Arts Festival
I'm one of the  people  that enjoyed the last International Arts Festival. Most of  the  attractions  were  excellent, but I'd like to point out that  the     quality  was  high, but  the  quantity  was  not enough   .
First of all,  the only "six countries" doesn't mean "around the world" . I suppose you had difficulty  managing  the schedule.
Second, some concert  halls  were too small, so some  of the  audience couldn't concentrate  on   listening  to the music. And others couldn't enter the hall.
But  the  " all-in-one  ticket" was a good idea. In fact queuing up in front of every ticket office is  a   waste   of  time.
I  presume  if the  term becomes longer  the festival  will become   better  , because   it'll be   easier  to manage the  artists'  schedule and  the  audience can enjoy  the live .
I'd like to go to the Festival again!
Thank you for your letter. And I'd like to answer    your question.  First , in Japan, generally school rules are more  strict  than  at   home . The gap between them is tremendously big! I can say the  actions  which  are   prohibited  at school  are  no problem at home , because  the purpose of school rules is not only  to create  discipline but also  unity .
Here, I  will write  down one of the rules at my school. "Whenever the students wear an extra  item of   clothing  (because of  the  cold or something) his or her (not  the   student !) parents  fill in  an application form with their  authorized  signatures".
You will ask me why . The  reason is  given  above..." unity ". In addition "the students must not use any commercial paper bags ( received  at  a  department store etc)". Now you know the reason!
Needless to say I'd like to change such ridiculous rules, because such rules are not for us. They are for teachers  ! Don't you think so?
Do you have any rules at school that make you upset? If you have please tell me.
 Yours faithfully 
Dear Mrs Clark,
I am writing in response to your  advertisement  in  today's  newspaper. I recently spent two days at the International  Arts Festival  and I found it very entertaining. It was  a really  good idea to organize a festival containing such different shows.
The idea that I  liked  the most was     the   reasonably priced  weekend ticket for all events because a lot of  students   and  unemployed people could not afford to pay too much money.
I went to see a classical concert and, although the music played was excellent,  the  concert hall was too small. Furthermore, I had expected stars and artists from around the world, but they came from only six countries.
A friend of mine went to see the play "Hamlet" and the film "Gladiators". He told me how great  they   were  and I was thinking that it would be    good to have more plays and films next year. In addition to this, I was wondering if you could organize the same festival in  the   summer .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours  sincerely ,
Two sisters, Alex and Daniela ,  were sitting in front of the fireplace thinking  (of*/about)  what they could do. That year, the winter in France was very cold. It was near Christmas and the two girls hadn't found  a  present for their mother.  Giving  Christmas presents was a tradition not  to be  forgotten and  there were  only four days left. Alex suggested that it would be a good idea to go to the city to buy that present. Daniela agreed but she knew that it was snowing and that it was dangerous to walk  (with*/in)  this kind of weather. Anyway, Alex was too stubborn to give up and it was like talking to a brick wall: she didn't listen to her sister.
After forty minutes, the weather became very bad. It was such a pain to walk in the snow. However, Alex was not worried at all despite the fact that her sister was tired and cold.  Deep   within  herself, Alex knew they were lost in the middle of nowhere, but she didn't want to admit it.
 Unfortunately , Daniela fainted. She was so cold that she couldn't move her legs. Alex began to cry and to pray and when Daniela was about to die an  angel  appeared. He asked Alex if it was more important to  take a present back home  or to save her sister. The answer was obvious and the angel saved Daniela.   This story  happened  a long time ago.
Dear Mrs Clark,
I am writing to you because, as one of the visitors of the International Arts Festival which took place two weeks ago in our city, I would like to let you know some of my opinions - and suggestions, as well - related  (with*/to)  what I saw  (in*/at)  the festival and what I could not see, but I would have liked to find.
First of all, I must congratulate the people responsible  (of*/for)  this good idea.  We all know that our city lacks art festivals and cultural activities in general . And what     better   way  to solve this than to give the festival an international character.
But including only six countries in the festival does not seem enough, in my opinion. I think next year you should invite more    countries, because the festival would be more multicultural.
Secondly, there were some  accommodation problems  in the classical concerts because some concert halls were too small. Another important thing is that, despite the number and quality of films, there were, from my point of view, not many plays. In addition, I would like to talk about the success  of the weekend ticket with most visitors , due to its economical price and because of its  ease   (in*/of)  use.
Finally, I would like to suggest that, in next year's festival, you include different kinds of music,  like  ska or  world  music.
Yours  sincerely ,
Who doesn't want to earn some money?  The topic  says that young people have a lot of problems, but without any doubt, money is one of the most important of them.
If you still don't have  financial   independence  from your parents and your studies don't permit you to have a full-time job, these are some suggestions that maybe will help you.
One possible thing is to display  what you can do best in a public place , and, then, "sell" it to the people. For example, you can  do   a   folk dance  ,   do  Hamlet in the street, or even sing  a nice song from your country with some of your friends . You must be aware,  however , of the  difficulties   (of*/with)   these kinds  of things (bad weather, no attention from the people and so on) . 
But maybe you are too shy to do this. In this case, you can cook some cakes and sell them near a school or in the centre of the city, as well as other traditional products: cheese, honey ,chocolate...
Another thing that can be useful is to make some pottery or do original paintings and sculptures. You don't need to be a Picasso :   a bit of imagination is enough .
If you don't feel like doing any  of these things , you have alternative solutions. If you like fishing, you can try to  collaborate  with the local market or some shops, in order to sell them the fish you     catch     yourself.
Finally, if  none  of the above  achieves a  result, you  could   organise      classical  parties in discos or work as a babysitter .  It doesn't matter how, the aim is always money.
Dear  Sir/Madam ,
 I attended  your festival and I would like to give you my suggestions  (to*/for)  it. I must say that  the  International Arts Festival is really  a  great idea. And your last festival was very  interesting  too.
But also there are some  notes  that you should improve in    next year's festival to make it  absolutely  wonderful. First of all, you must invite artists and stars from more countries around the world, because there  were  people only from six countries. I think it can make your festival more popular.
Jazz, rock and classical concerts are amazing, but I think that some concert halls are too small, so not everybody can come.
Your dance shows are very beautiful,  the  art  exhibition  is something original and exciting. And also it is very interesting to talk with writers.
I think that one reasonably-priced weekend  ticket  for all events is  an   excellent  idea because it isn't so  expensive  as buying  a  ticket  (to*/for)  each event, and with this ticket you can visit everything you want. I hope you will continue     holding  your festivals.
 Yours  faithfully,
Dear Tom,
How are you? Thank you for your last letter. It was very interesting. The question you asked me in it is very original too.
I must say that  the  rules aren't  the  same in  the  schools of our country. Every school has  its  own rules. I think that my school is very democratic and so there are very good relations between teachers and students. We are all very friendly in our class and we help    each other when we have a problem. So the main rule in our school is  regarding   teachers .
I'm allowed to do many things at home. My parents are very kind, and they know that their son will do everything right. And the main reason  why  our family is so friendly    is  because we haven't  got  many rules. So, I think there isn't  anything  I'd like to change.
I hope everything is good in your family and your school.
Take care,
Mrs. Jane Clark,
I  saw  your advertisement about  the   International  Arts Festival now. I think that's a great idea    as  we need some good activities.  The   advertisement   states  that you invite stars and  artists  from around the world. This is    incredible but  you wrote  down   artists  from only six countries . I think you should invite  people  from ten countries because there are more and more stars and artists in the world. If you  invite stars and artists from more countries , your festival will be  unbelievable .  The   second  point is there are some jazz, rock and classical concerts. It's a good idea but some concert halls are too small. Because of  this , people are bored quickly. You show plays and films. I  congratulate  you because  that's  perfect. The most important thing is dance shows  
 as   most  people like dance shows,  including me . That's    real knowledge for us, art  exhibitions  and talks by writers. I think we  will know  a  writer's  life or how  he is  writing  about  it . It's   a  very significant thing. Lastly, you said 'one   reasonably priced   weekend ticket for all events'. It's excellent. If you can pay attention to my small suggestion, next year I hope it will be  an  unbelievable festival.
THANKS!
Yours sincerely!
Dear Edmond
I miss you very much and sorry     I   haven't written  you  any  letters. I hope you forgive me. What are you  doing   nowadays  ? How  is your school? My school opened yesterday. As you know I am a new student. It is very difficult because I don't know anybody. However ,  today I  am getting  used to my school, I have  met  two sweet girls. But this school has got a lot of rules and in our class   we have been talking about  rules , both at home and at school. It is very boring. For instance :  you must not argue with your friend or you must not argue with workers. The most significant rule is you must not smoke in public places, or in the toilet. You continuously must study hard. I feel very bad because what you are allowed I  am not  allowed to do at home.  Do  you understand me? Can I change my school? Please  will you  write me a letter quickly.
 Love !
Dec. 16th, 2000
Dear Ms Clark,
I am writing to mention my opinions on the International Arts Festival that you have organised this year. It was a great idea, but I think I need to make some points about the things that I found unsatisfactory.
First of all, I was disappointed that the artists invited were from only six countries. Next year's festival will be much better if artists from places other than Europe and the USA take part in it.
Secondly, despite the high quality of the concerts, some of the halls they were given in were too small for the  audience . They were cold and  damp , too, because the air-conditioning system was  inadequate .
Thirdly, I think more plays and films should be shown next year. However, I found the idea of a single ticket for all  the  events of the weekend excellent, as the price was reasonable and access to a wide range of events was provided.
Finally, I should say that I had a very good time in spite of the flaws and I would like to thank you for it. I wish to enjoy an even better festival next year.
Yours sincerely,
Dec 16th, 2000
Dear Mary,
I'm glad to have received your letter and I'd really like to talk about the school and family rules here.
Firstly, the weirdest rule in our schools is that we must wear uniforms all the time. This is especially bad for us girls, as we are obliged to wear skirts and we cannot climb the stairs or run like the boys. But apart from this, I think most rules of the school are quite reasonable, like addressing    the teacher using the second  person plural  (it is different in Turkish) or standing up when s/he enters the class. As we are a developing country, teachers are quite respected.
Another thing  that is  different from your schools is that we don't change classrooms between periods. We stay in the class in which we have been registered for the whole year, and a different teacher comes in every period.
Let me talk about the rules at home. We like chatting on the phone so much that most of  our  parents have limited the talking time    to five minutes, threatening to cut off the  wires  otherwise. Also, as most of us live in flats, we're not allowed to listen to loud music or run or play ball games in the house! But we are legally allowed to play instruments like the piano until 10 p.m.
I'd love to write more, Mary, but I'm in a real rush nowadays. This month has been full of exams and there are still  some  coming up next week, so I must be a swot as you see. Anyway, I'm looking forward to hearing your comments about our rules.
Take care!
Dear Ms Clark,
I write you this letter because I want to tell you  about  my experiences  (of*/at)  the festival. I  spent  two days at the "International Arts Festival" and I have to say that it was a good event but I think some  details  could be better the next time. For example, on the leaflet it was written that there  would  be stars and artists from around the world but they were only from six different countries. That was disappointing! Some concert halls were really small so that there was  bad air  and not enough  room  for everyone and you could not enjoy anything! What about plays and films? It was a small  offer ; I hope it will be larger the next time.
But do not worry! There  were also  very good  events  like  the  dance shows, the art exhibition and     the  talks  given  by writers . 
The reasonably-priced weekend ticket was a very good idea. This was a clever way to attract  people  . 
 Last , I would like  to suggest  a "pony-ride" for children, to attract families. Please tell  me  your opinion about this.
Best regards
I think there are some  opportunities  for earning money. I would say the simplest way is to give lessons to pupils, for example,  in  maths or  English . There are also some schools which offer such a job.  Teaching  pupils is not easy, of course. But I think that after  a few  lessons the pupils will see that it is better if they sit down and learn their stuff. So it  will  be easier for the teacher  then !  Also it is  not    dirty work .  I mean you do not have to clean rooms or  other people's toilets ! And you do not need to carry heavy things or  have stress with  customers , as you would  if you  were  working in a shop. To be a good teacher you  especially  need  patience  and good nerves! Not everybody has the ability to understand everything at once. And the money you get is not  less  . 
So, if you like to  be  with people and help them and if you have  the  talent to explain  things   well  then it would be    best   if you  offered  your help to the people!
Dear Mrs Clark,
I am writing with reference to the international arts festival that you organise every year. I would like to express my opinion about it and give you some suggestions that may prove to be useful.
First of all, from my point of view the festival itself is a wonderful idea. That also  goes   (to*/for)  the weekend ticket you offer; in addition to being rather cheap, it allowed me to see so many interesting events in such a short time.
On the other hand, I would like to  point out  that the festival  could     appeal to more people if a few improvements were made. Firstly, you had said in your advertisement that artists from around the world would perform. Actually, they came from only six countries. What is more, some concert halls were too small. As a result, it was impossible for  all  the audience to fit in there.
Finally, I suggest you    think about giving the audience the opportunity to see more plays and films.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kathy,
I'm really happy to hear from you again. I'm sorry for not writing earlier. Unfortunately, I'm quite busy so don't worry if  I'm late replying  to some of your letters.
In your last letter ,  you wondered what the rules of behaviour at school and at home are like in my country, so I'm going to give you some information.
In Poland ,  rules that refer to the  way   we dress  at school aren't very strict; we don't wear any uniforms, but our clothes have to be clean and nice to look at. We can neither eat nor drink during    lessons. We are supposed not to be late for    lessons and, of course, students mustn't smoke at school.
At home ,  young people should help their parents do some  housework . Generally, we are supposed to treat our parents (as well as the teachers at school) with respect and not to argue with our brothers and sisters.
What I'd like to change at school is that the breaks are too short! Give my regards to your family,
Dear Mrs Clark,
The discovery of the ôInternational Arts Festivalö was a pleasure for me because it gave me the opportunity to enjoy    a really nice environment.
The    reasonably- priced  package ,  including tickets and  accommodation , well  suited  my personal  situation : comfortable rooms  that are  easy to reach and  booked  tickets can help you if you decide <NS type="MV"></NS> at  the  last minute.
As far as the Festival itself is concerned ,  some small improvements could  make  it  work  better.
 Having different  kinds of music is a good idea but some of them need special features. Larger concert halls can allow people to better enjoy the quality of  the  performances.
Also ,  the introduction of different cultural experiences is a good idea but six countries can't  really be  considered as  representative of the world .
The aim to satisfy different interests should not  cause  the quality  to decrease .
Just a final note: why not  have  more plays and films    next year?
Thanks in advance for your attention . 
Regards
Are you young, are you a student?
Do you want to earn money?
You are not alone!
There are ôseveralö opportunities for you:
-  asking  for money  (to*/from)  your parents (mum is better)   is the most traditional way but also the safest one
-   improve  your kindness  and ask for  work  in restaurants or  bars  . It  is a good training period for real life too ( being  patient with demanding people is    required) . 
- test your health and ask for an outdoor activity ( working  as  a  sandwich-man can also  help  to test your pride)
- check your    wallet and if you have enough money (a very small amount) you can arrange a trip to reach countries like  Chile , Cuba,  Zambia ,  and  Morocco where people (poorer than you) will offer  low  wages for ôsmallö jobs.. you might enjoy your summer holidays and ôfind yourselfö
Anyway, the best suggestion is always the ôbest ideaö, the famous ôsuch a good ideaö that might change your lifeà.  I'm  still looking for it.
Good luck!
Dear Jane Clark,
I am writing about  the  International Arts Festival ,  which I went to recently. I had a great time there because  taking a place the kind of festival in my town  is very unusual. I think that  the  International Arts Festival was absolutely fantastic and successful. I was also pleased with the weekend ticket because I tend to go out  (in*/at)  the weekend due to my  working   (in*/on)  the  weekdays   so that  I had time to go and did not have to  worry  about the ticket price.
In spite of having a great time, there were some things I would like to give you my opinion about. Firstly, there  were  a few stars and artists from only six countries although the advertisement  mentioned  that stars and artists would come from around the world. Secondly, some concerts took    place in really small halls. I suggest that concerts should be held in bigger halls than this year's    next year.  Then , there  would  be more people coming  to  the concerts. Finally,  food shops  should be added  (in*/to)  this festival    next year because  only plays and films were not  attractive   enough  to get audiences .
I would be grateful if you could consider my opinion    . 
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Karrie,
Hello. How are you doing? I've  also been   thinking about  rules at home with my friends. Isn't it quite interesting to talk about rules? At home I'm not allowed to talk on the phone more than ten minutes, which annoys me very much. I really want to change this. However, I can go out  whenever  I want, even  (in*/at)      midnight . I'm also allowed to come home anytime so that I can chat with my friends for a long time instead of talking on the phone at home.
There  are  a lot of rules at my school. Firstly, we're allowed to drive a car to school, which is quite  an  unusual rule in  a  Japanese school because students might crash a car on the way to school or home. I actually love this rule because I don't have to get up early if I have a car.  Secondly , boys are not allowed to have long  hair . They have to cut their hair once a month. Girls can't  have   make-up  on at school at all. I want to at least put  lipstick  on. I wish I could change this rule.
I'll be  glad  if you let me know about your rules at school and at home. I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Best wishes.
Dear Mrs. Jane X,
I would like to make some  comments  about the event that I  went   to .
First of all, the concert hall is too small to have a great concert. I think  it  should be bigger for jazz, rock or  even  classical concerts.
Secondly, I had some ideas for the next  year's  events, such as  the following :
- Funny plays and films to  spend  the  break ;
- Dance shows after dinner to  provide  something interesting to do in the night ; 
- Art  exhibitions  to  teach   us  more things about  the  artist's lifestyle; and
- talks by writers to say how good  his latest book is .
In  addition , the  tickets   are  too expensive and  it is  difficult to buy  a new  one every day . So , I think  it   would be  more effective if  there  was one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events.
In conclusion, I  believe   it  will be better next year if these points  are  observed  for the each year the event to be  better than before.
Sincerely
How are you? It was nice to  get   some   news  about you.
I remember  this  time in our class when  we   were talking   for a long  time about rules and  I am missing that time so much .
Well, about rules in my  country ,  the situation  is not different  from   other  countries. The rules must be  respected   (for*/by)  all people if you don't want  to be kicked  out  (from*/of)   school . You must  be   organised , clean and respect the  rights  of other people.  
Dear Ms Jane Clark,
I am writing to you to tell you that I enjoyed the International Arts Festival held on 21-22 November this year.
I liked the plays and the films most. Some films were really wonderful. You had picked    unknown but talented directors' films and they were really worth watching. And the concerts were also excellent.  In particular , I enjoyed the jazz concerts and could see some famous jazz musicians I adore.
However, I  found  some things which I think I should point out. Some concert halls were not big enough to  hold  the audience. For next year, I think you should take this matter into consideration .  And I think it would be much better if you had more plays and films.
I will definitely go to the festival next year, too. To make it more enjoyable, I would be grateful if you could  welcome  my comments  (on*/about)  it.
Best regards.
A Japanese folk story :  " The Bamboo Princess "
There was an old married couple. They had no children. One day, the lady went to a river to wash  their  clothes and the man went to a mountain to cut trees. In a bamboo forest, he found a shining  piece of  bamboo. When he cut it, he found a beautiful baby girl in it. She was named  the  bamboo princess.
The princess grew up  to be   beautiful . Some princes proposed  to  her. But she said to them, " If  you want me, you have to do this , " and asked them to do impossible things because she didn't want to get married. One day, the old couple saw the princess crying. When they asked her  about this , she said ,  "I am from the moon and I will have to go back soon". They really loved her and they asked a prince who loved the princess to protect her. But, one    day, the princess went back to the moon with guards from the moon although the prince and his army tried hard to protect her.
This story happened a long time ago.
Dear Mrs. Clark,
The International Arts Festival was very interesting including the fact that Stars and artists had also come from around the world.   I enjoyed it tremendously.  Later I found out that the stars and artists had only come from six countries.
Not only were there Jazz and Rock but there were  classical concerts  as well.  The only thing that distracted me was the size of the concert halls.   They were very small and I was pushed by everyone.
There were wonderful plays and films which I hope    there  will be  more  of .  All the other shows such as dance shows, art  exhibitions  and talks by writers were very  entertaining .
I was happy at the end as the weekend tickets were  reasonably priced  for all events.  I thought it was worthwhile to have spent two days  (in*/at)  the Arts Festival  (at*/in)  the end.
Yours Sincerely
Once upon a time there was a widow and a widower.  They treated each other as if they were husband and wife.
Around two years later there was a meeting.  By that time the widow could not walk and the widower could not see.  When the widower sensed that the widow badly wanted to go, the widow clung on the widower's back and set off telling him where to go.
On the way they were thirsty so when they looked into the lake, they saw a long bar of gold.  The widower told the widow leave it alone as they couldn't share it when the widow told him.  They kept going on until they met a fat, small man.  He came and said to the widower that he was to  take  him on his back.  The widow ,  who was afaid ,  told the man  (of*/about)  the gold.
When the man hurriedly ran to the lake, all he found was a long snake.  He was just able to kill it by cutting the snake  (into*/in)  half by using his knife which was as sharp as a sickle.
The man went back to the widower and kicked him.  The widower was confused and they went to the lake.  They were very surprised when they found out the gold was cut in half.  They lived happily ever after.   This story happened a long time ago.
Dear Mrs Clark,
I am writing to you to give some  opinions  about the International Arts Festival that you  organized  last November. First of all, I believe that it was very interesting, but there were  fewer  artists than I  had  expected. In fact ,  they came from six countries. I wonder if it is possible for next year to have more artists and also bigger concert halls. In fact I have noticed that some  concerts   needed     more space.
I would be grateful if, next year, you could  include  more art exhibitions (with more pictures) in the  programme . I was very interested in the  festival ticket . It was not expensive and  was  easy to use, because  there  was only one for all the events.
I would offer you one suggestion that  concerns  the classical concerts. I think it would be interesting to invite young  composers  to hear  new things  from    classical music.
I look forward to receiving your reply
Yours sincerely.
Dear Magda,
how are you? Well, I hope. I'm O.K. I've just received your letter and I'm going to reply to your questions.
In my country there are some rules that are the same in all schools. For example, we have to  dress  in  an  appropriate way, not talk to each other during the lessons and pay attention to the teachers. At this time, in my school there is a new rule. We aren't allowed to use  a  mobile phone in class. Before this rule it was funny (new sound in class, phones ring or sing.), but not for our headmaster.
And now about my home.
I have to arrive in time for dinner, because it is the only time  (in*/at)  which my family can eat together. For me, it's very  stressful  and I usually run a lot to do it. In fact (you know) I like  cheat  with my  classmates  after our lessons.
I'd like to change a rule at home.
I'm not allowed to listen to music after 11 p.m. It's a boring rule. Neighbours have complained about loud music.
Write to me soon about news in your life.
Love
Dear Sir
I'm  writing  to express my feeling and opinion about the International Arts Festival which  was held  a few days ago.
When I found the advertisement  (of*/for)   the  International Arts Festival, I was very excited. It is  great  to hold an annual international arts festival in  this  place. Then I spent two days at the festival. I enjoyed it very much. There were so many exciting things I saw, such as stars and artists from around the world , jazz , rock and classical concerts, plays and dance  shows  etc. The  specified  thing  that  is worth  remembering  here is the reasonably-priced ticket for all events, it is excellent because most  tourists  could  offer  what they  liked .
Although    I enjoyed it, there were still  some things   that  needed to be improved. For example, there were some  concert  halls which  were  too small to hold so  many  people, the stars and artists were just from six countries, which is not enough for  the  audience. In    addition ,  when you organize    next year's international arts festival, could you arrange more plays and films ? 
Thanks for reading this letter, I'm looking forward to    next year's festival.
Yours faithfully
Dear Magda
It is lovely to get your letter so soon.
You mentioned the rules at home and at school in the letter. This  reminds  me of what I experienced during my  teenage   years . In my country the children go to    secondary school when they are  (at*/in)  the first year of  being a   teenager .  You  know, this age is the  troublesome  age, boys have too much energy and girls want to fall in love with someone.  They  always annoy the  schoolteacher  and  their  parents.  As  a result of  this  ,  the teachers make very strict rules at school, such as students aren't allowed to speak  to  each other in    class. They  have  to finish homework  within  a limited time. They cannot  oppose     the teacher, girls are not allowed to  wear   make-up   or  wear any  jewellery . At home, in my experience, my parents didn't allow me to go out in the evening and gave me  a lot of     homework to do, even in the holiday. They also  forbade  me to  have  a boyfriend. I think it is not just what happened in my home ,  many of my  friends  had the same experience.
Now I'm a mother of two children. They are  both  in    school.  Compared  to my experience, I want to give them  a  more open attitude about everything. I want to be a mother  (of*/to)  them and a friend  (of*/to)  them. But at school, although I hope the teacher  doesn't  give students so much homework,  and   doesn't   forbid  the  opposite voice  of the students, there  is  nothing I can do because of our culture. It's quite sad.
I'm looking forward to receiving your next letter soon.
Best wishes
Dear Jane Clark,
I would like to congratulate you on your wonderful "Arts Festival". You  had  a really great idea to create this sort of  festival . I had a lot of fun    there. I     would come  next year with    great pleasure.
I hope you will not  be  angry if I give you some advice .   First , I would like to talk about your section "Stars and Artists". This section is really great and  attracts  a lot of people. From my point of view, it will better if you have some "Stars and Artists" from only six countries  because  the spectators will probably  be  more interested in your festival if they know the celebrities.
I also would like to talk about your concerts. The concerts are fabulous but the  problem   is  the halls. They are too small for all the people. Could you do something  (for*/about)  these problems?
All the sections of your festival were great but I think there were not a lot of "Plays and  Films ". I love films and  plays  also, and  I hope  to have more films or  plays  next year.
Concerning the tickets, I think your price is reasonable for this festival. It is a good idea to have reasonably-priced  tickets  for weekends.
I'm looking forward  to  hearing from you . 
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Phil,
I'm really happy to receive your letter and I hope you are fine. I'm fine but I have a lot of work to do for my school. My exams start    next month ,  that's why I have a lot of work.
In your letter, you  wanted  to know about my school rules in France and you also  wanted  to know what I am or I am not allowed to do at home.
Alright, I'm going to answer your questions.  First  , you  are not allowed to smoke, drink or to take    drugs in my school. You must  be  outside during the break. You must  sign  your notebook to your parents every week. You are not allowed to argue with your teacher after you  receive  an exam. You must  be  on time at school or you  get  a punishment. I have so many other rules but these are the most important.
At home, I'm not allowed to watch television after 8 p.m. I must do my  homework  when I come back    home. I  must also   help  my parents  (in*/with)  home activities , for  example , clean  my room and the other rooms, or  cook , etc.... I  hope   this  information will help you,
Keep in touch . 
Love , 
Dear Jane Clark
With  regard  to the annual international arts festival which    took place on 21 and  22nd  November 2000, I  spent   a  tremendous two days enjoying some  features . Then, I discovered some  points  and I am writing to  give  my  suggestions  and recommendations.
Firstly, the title 'International Arts Festival' is very suitable for the festival, because there  was  some variety of  features   there . Next,  one  reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is also  a  fantastic idea, because everyone could enjoy everything  (by*/with)   that  ticket.
However, according to my notes, there are some  doubts   (in*/about)  the festival. While you stated that there were stars and artists from around the world, they were  in fact only from six countries . The number of plays and films  was  also very  small . In addition to that some concert halls were too small  for the audience  to enjoy the concerts.
On balance, I feel that this annual festival can be even better next year. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you should  collect  artists and stars  from  more than six countries and  build  larger concert halls. I also suggest that more plays and films should   take  place . I would be  happy  to support you providing that you     want  to make the festival more successful.
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Albert
Thanks for your letter . It  was great to hear from you. I know you're  well , but I've been very busy studying because I have to take  an  exam next month. So this is  a  quick note to tell you what you want to know, as you asked about school rules and house ones.
At school, the most horrible one is  about the  school uniform. I really hate it, because we're not allowed to wear casual and  fashionable  clothes, colourful shoes  or  colourful socks.  Also we can't   change  our hair colour  and  have to keep  our  hair length above  our   eyebrows . Next, we're not allowed to get  driver's  licences which are for a motorbike and car as long as  we're  students. We're also not allowed to get part-time jobs. If possible, I want to change all of them.
However, at home I'm quite free.  I just  can't go out after 9 o'clock  at  night and I'm not allowed to play computer games  for  over two hours. These  rules  are not so strict that I  can't  stand them. I don't think I want to change them.
Anyway, that's all  the information about me  which you want.
Write soon .  I look forward to hearing from you.
Love
Dear    Jane Clark,
I am writing this letter in order to make some suggestions for the International Arts Festival that took place a while ago. I was there  for  two days enjoying it and have found some points I would like to change to make it a better one next year. I personally think it is a great idea to gather all different types of arts from all over the world.
Well, here are some of my  opinions  and suggestions. First of all, I think there should  be  more stars and artists from more countries because this year, I believe there were artists  from only  six countries which, in my opinion, is not quite from all over the world.
The jazz, rock and classical concerts were really entertaining except that there were some concert halls  which were   too  small for the audience: I'm sure that you can find bigger halls for next year. By the way, I was also wondering if it was possible to have more plays and films for the coming    festival as the reaction of the people was excellent.
Actually, the price of the weekend ticket was excellent! I, myself, was expecting a more expensive ticket as there were so many  magnificent  events.
Well, I hope you found my suggestions reasonable as I deeply congratulate  you   (for*/on)  the great  success   (in*/of)  the festival.
yours sincerely,
Dear Emily,
Hello! It's been such a long time since we wrote to each other. Well, in the letter you wrote me, you asked some questions about school and house rules. Even though   I do have less than you,  I still want  to change many things.
In our school, you're not allowed to eat during class. You must have    permission to get out of your seat or leave the classroom. My school's an American school so you're not supposed to talk in Spanish during the classes either.
At home, there are  fewer  rules. My parents don't really like  imposing  rules in the house. But still I cannot go out of the house without telling my mom where I am going and when I'm coming back. But it  has existed  since I was very young.
I would like to change the rule  about  not  speaking  in Spanish at school because most of us feel more comfortable speaking in Spanish ,  but I guess ,  to learn ,  we should speak English all the time.
Well, that's all. I hope one day you get to change what you wanted. I miss you and let's keep in touch. Bye..
your Pal,
Rome 16th December 2000
Dear Jane X,
I'm an  Italian  boy who went to the International Arts Festival last November and I enjoyed most of the events I went to ,  but  because  I think that the Festival could be better next year I  am writing   to  you    in order to  let  you  hear  some observations of mine about the festival.
The  festival  on its own is a great idea because there aren't many of these events dealing with art but I think that instead of inviting stars and artists  from only  six counties they could be invited  really  from all  over  the world.
Furthermore, and  certainly  it is not your fault, some of the halls for the concerts were too small and that prevented me from enjoying some of the concerts because of the noise but also prevented many people from entering the hall ,   which  was often  too  crowded.
I hope next year  there will be more play and films  and that the ticket will be  reasonably priced   as this year in way that people not really interested in arts could come and enjoy the festival .
 Friendly 
Rome 16th December 2000
Dear Marie,
I'm going to write    about rules in my country and I have to tell you that life in school isn't too hard because even if there are  a lot of  rules to follow nobody does   .
It's written in the  regulations  that we can't leave the school during the breaks; we can't smoke near the classrooms; we  have  to justify our absences or  lateness  and even if you're over eighteen your parents have to  justify  you with the teacher.
At my home every rule must be respected.
Even if my parents don't  look after me for all the matters  like going out  (on*/at)   night  or studying you  shouldn't think  that living in my house is like living in heaven because I can't play the guitar or listen to music at a loud volume or invite my friends  over  for a Saturday night party.
These are the things that I'd like to  change ; I'd like to do what I really want  to do  but I don't know if I'm really ready for this!!
With love
Dear Ms    Clark,
Recently I visited an arts festival   organized with your help. I enjoyed it very much and I think the idea of     it  is great. However, I have some proposals  (about*/for)  its  improvement  next year.
 First , I  suggest   you   invite  stars and artists not from all  over  the world, but from only six countries. This change will give <NS type="M"></NS>  the  opportunity to  create some different performance .
 My second  proposition is about  the   classical  concerts. I  think  that some concert halls are too small, so you should be sure about    <NS type="M"></NS> in advance.
This year I noticed that there were only  a  few plays and films. From my point of view, there should be more films because this part of the festival is interesting for people.
And,  finally , I should congratulate you  (with*/on)  the decision     to have  one weekend ticket for all events. I support this idea which is  convenient  both for  the   public  and  the   organisers .
I hope you will consider my proposals.
I am looking forward  (for*/to)   the  festival next year.
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Ana,
Thanks for your letter and postcard. It was really nice <NS type="M"></NS>. The things you wrote about in your letter are quite  familiar  for me, because we,  at the moment , have some problems  (about*/with)  our rules.
 First , about school.
I'm really fed up with our school  uniform ! It is  awful ! And the problem is that nobody wants to wear it. That's why our headmaster is really angry.  (Off*/Of)  course, if we had  a  pretty  uniform  like yours, we would wear it with pleasure. But it's impossible at the moment.
What should I say  to  you about home...
We are quite  a  friendly family, that's why we actually don't have  any  special rules. However, we promised our  parents  to  do   some  cleaning    every week.
This is all I wanted to write  to  you about rules.
I miss you very much.
I'm looking forward to  seeing  you next summer after my exams.
Write  to  me <NS type="M"></NS> what    you think about it.
Kisses to your family,
International Arts Festival
Dear Jane Clark,
I am writing to you  (for*/about)     the festival.
I am  a  student at London College    studying English. I have always been  interested  in  arts and festivals. It was great that you organised  the   Arts  Festival in this  city , because people  really   need  this kind of  social   activity  here.
I  spent  two days at the International Arts Festival with some of my  friends  and I must say we  were   really  delighted, it was  a  great idea to do that in London.
We all liked  the   jazz , rock and classical concerts. However ,   the  concert halls were too small and lots of people couldn't get  into   the  concert halls and there were  stars and artists  from  only six countries .
I believe  there   should be more plays and films     next year and  the  stars and artists should be from  around  the world.
One  reasonably-priced   weeker  ticket for all events was excellent because  it's   always  busy  (for*/at)  the weekend and people prefer to go any  weekday .
I hope   you will  consider     my opinions and  that  my suggestions  will  be helpful for    next year.
 I look  forward to hearing from you.
 Yours   sincerely 
Dear Freddie
I received your letter just this morning. It was very nice to  hear  from you.
We never like rules, do we? However there are lots of rules in our lives, both at home and at school.
In my  country's   schools  we are not allowed to have an argument with  classmates  and  are  not allowed to eat  (at*/in)  class. We can't listen  to  music  (at*/in)  class  either . We  always  have to keep  everywhere clean , but  these   kinds  of rules are not very strict I believe.
At home  it  is completely different, my mum is quite organised, so she  is always making  new rules.
Firstly ,   I have  to keep  my room clean  and hoover once a week.  I have  to cook    and  the  worst thing is I'm not allowed to listen  to  loud music     anywhere  at home. I'm not allowed to stay out after midnight.
When I  grow  up I'll change all  the  rules in my life and I'll make my own rules which are not going to be too strict.
 Look forward  to hearing from you soon.
Love
Dear  Mrs     Clark
I am  writing  to you to "help" you with your festival next year . Last  year wasn't very good so maybe we can make it more  attractive  this year . 
 First   ,  I think we  should  rent  bigger   halls      so that  we  can  make  a  better sound and give more space for  the   audience ! If we will  offer  one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events we can make  more people interested . We can  invite  stars and artists from around the world who will  play  and   presents present  all  kinds  of music like jazz, rock, classical  etc .
It should be done    so people can see how people in every corner of the  world   have     fun.  Art exhibitions   are   a  good idea too, to  explain  how the music is  made  and show how the instruments  work .
 Afterwards  we could let people talk with  the  artists so they  could  get  to know   them   personally .
    If  you want  to hear  more of my suggestions and opinions about it  please  contact    me on my  cellphone  . 
 Yours   sincerely 
Dear Simona , 
Thank you for your letter .   It  was so nice to hear from you  again  and I am glad you have  mentioned  this subject.
It's believed that English schools look different and have different rules  to  Polish schools but  maybe  we might find  something   in common  . 
What rules do we have in our schools?  First  of all ,  it  depends  what kind of school it is :  Primary,  high school  or university .  I think that now Polish schools are  making progress  but they still have lots of bad habits.
Polish students have to study a lot with books and they have  fewer   practical  lessons,  and  sometimes it's hard to get    books or other  things needed   for   studying .  The   relations hip  between students and their teachers or principals is very poor!
During     lessons  we are not allowed to have food or    drink,  and  we can't be late to school . 
School  is   supposed  to be our second home but it's not .   We  work hard and  (for*/at)  the end  of  our education we still have nothing.
You  ask  me what would I change? I would make schools  less   stressful ,  with  added fun  'cause   that way it's easier  to learn and I would  give  students more chances to share    their  fantasies  at school.
Maybe  the  Polish system is not bad, but it's   comfortable   too. I know that  this  letter will not change anything but you can see how  complicated   a Polish student's life is  . 
 Yours 

Dear Mrs Clark,
I am writing to  describe   the   fun  that I had at the International Arts Festival     last  week.
Firstly, I want to say that this festival is really good and I hope it will  happen  every year. Furthermore, the  events, such as the shows, exhibitions and concerts, were beautiful . I liked all the different  kinds  of atmosphere.
Also, for all these attractions, the price was low and  that  is important for  a  big family.
Secondly, the plays and movies were marvellous. However, I was disappointed by the number of  them . It  would  be great if there were    more choice    next year. I would like to give you a suggestion about the  size   (in*/of)  the concert rooms. Considering the  crowd ,  there  should  be  more rooms. Finally, I  would  be interested in  meeting  artists from everywhere in the world not only  European  artists.
In conclusion, I had an  unforgettable  time. I would like to eat some different kind of  food , if  that  is possible.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Dear Monique,
Thank you very much for your letter .  I'm very happy to receive some news  (about*/from)  you. I'm going to reply  (at*/to)  your question.
 In fact , at school we haven't so many rules.  So , we aren't allowed to smoke inside -  or  eat in the classroom. We have to wash the board when it's our turn. Of course, we must respect the teacher and do what he says.
What about the rules at home? I can't remember, because now I'm 19,  so  I can do what I want. I know that I had to ask    my Mum or Dad  (for*/about)  going  out   (by*/with)  my friend after     school . They wanted  me   to do  my homework before  going out  to play. Also, I had to come back    home on time . It  was very important for my parents. I  didn't want to change anything  .  I was happy.
Anyway, it was a great time when I was a child.  That's  all for now.
See you soon, bye
Dear Clark,
I am writing to you because I would like to give my personal opinion about the 'international arts festival.'
First of all I have to say that the whole festival was a  great  success and I also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet. However, there are some points which can be improved for the next year.
To begin with, you wrote    in the leaflet that stars and artists from around the world could be seen in the performance . In  fact ,   there  were only six countries involved. My suggestion for this point is to invite more people from different countries.
Furthermore    some concert halls were definitely  too  small or in other words  too  many people attended those concerts.  You could avoid this kind of problem   if  you look for big halls at the  outset .
Another point where you could improve is  if  you show more plays and films next year.
Nearly at the end of this letter I have to say that the idea  (with*/of)  the weekend ticket was really good because it gave    the people the opportunity to  attend   for  a whole weekend for a cheap price.
To finish this letter    ,  I would like to give you a good idea for next year. In my opinion it would be nice if you  created  an exhibition  space  where the guests can try to play different instruments.
Yours sincerely
How can you earn money in your spare time?
I think everybody will ask himself this question one day or has already asked it. Anyway the people  who  asked this question probably found out that it isn't so easy to earn money or that it is sometimes  too  much work.
A traditional way to earn money, in  your  spare time, is to  deliver  newspapers or magazines to the families in your town or village. The  problem  that you have here is the weather. For example when it is rainy, because then everything  gets  wet.
Another suggestion is that you go to your cinema and ask if they need your help  (for*/with)  changing the film rolls,    cleaning the toilets or  doing  some other small jobs.
But in the case that you really want to do some interesting work in your spare time you should try to sell something  that  you're good at, I mean if you're interested in computers you should try to provide your service for other people. Of course in the  beginning  it is hard but you can learn a lot and if you're good at  it  you'll also earn some money.
Okay don't wait,  there where you're good at and begin .
Dear Ms  Clark :
I am writing to give  suggestions   regarding  the international art festival, which I  went  to one  week   ago . It was really good, but I feel it could be better next year.
Firstly, I want to say it is a great idea to have this international arts festival . It  is very interesting, especially for    young people. I went to this festival with four friends and all of us enjoyed our time  there  very much. It was said that stars and artists from around the world  would be there   (on*/in)  the advertisement, but in fact they  were  from only six different countries, so I hope there will be artists from more    countries next year. Although the jazz, rock and classical music was great, some  concerts  and halls  were  too small . Could  you consider making them bigger next year ? 
The plays and films were really wonderful . People  liked them very much, so could you  have  more next year ? 
The last thing is about the ticket. It was excellent  to have  one  reasonably priced  weekend ticket for all events, because it is convenient and normally young people do not have a lot of money, so I hope next year the ticket will  also be  like this.
I hope that you can consider my suggestions. I really look forward to going to the festival next year.
Yours sincerely:
Dear Jacob:
I'm very glad to hear from you. I hope everything is ok. I'm really sorry I didn't  write back to you  immediately, because I was preparing my exam at that moment, so can you forgive me? We should keep in touch with each other, because you know I'm very happy to have a friend like you.
In your last letter you asked me something about our rules, both at home and at school in my country. I'd like to tell you that , in  school, we have lots of rules, especially in    class and some of them are quite strange. For example, we can't go to the  toilet  during    lessons . We   have to go  there in the  break . And we can't eat food or do any sports in our classroom. If you fail three subjects in your exam, you will be kicked out of school. It's too  strict  .  I don't like it. If I  could , I would like to change this, because I don't think everyone can  succeed  at once . We  should give them  a  second chance to  succeed .
Anyway, in my country, generally, children are free at home, but it also depends on their parents. For me, I don't have rules at home  -   I  just don't  make  trouble  (to*/for)  my family . That's  all.
 OK, just here . I look forward to hearing from you soon.  All the best  and good luck.
yours:
Dear Madam,
I'm writing to  you  in order to express my feelings about the International Arts Festival. I spent two days there, and I think it was the best Arts Festival I have ever been  (at*/to) . I also hope   that the festival could be even better next year. The great idea of making it "international" was unfortunately not brought to life, because the artists ( said  to be "from around the world") were from only six countries. Maybe the  reason  for that is very simple: lack of money? It would explain   why some concert halls were simply too small - you just couldn't afford bigger ones.
On the other hand, the wide range of plays and films to choose  from  impressed me  the  most. I thank you for organizing it, and hope to see more next year.
I also thank you for the excellent idea of  having  one ticket for all events, which allowed me to see all the things I was interested in.
My suggestion for next year's festival is simple - please make it a few days longer!
Yours faithfully,
Dear Friend,
Thank you for your last letter - I was very pleased to receive it. If you really want to hear about school rules in my country, I'll try to write about them  briefly .
We do not have many school rules, and the teachers are rather liberal. We don't have to wear any special uniforms  or   signs  of our school. Some rules are really simple: we must be at school on time, and we must not disturb others during    classes. We are not allowed to smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol of course! In  winter  we are to change our shoes. It may sound funny, but mud, gravel and snow lying on the  school  floors is not a nice sight, so we change our  shoes  without questioning that rule. I am also used to  writing  exams which are  very often in Polish schools .
At home I don't have many rules either. I must wash the dishes from time to time (I sometimes try to avoid this unpleasant duty) and clean our house.
I don't think there is anything I'd like to change. I'm very pleased with my situation and I hope you are pleased with yours!
  Yours  faithfully ,
Jane Clark
Organizer of  the  International Arts Festival
Dear  Ms Clark ,
 my  name is John and I  went   (in*/to)  the latest International Arts Festival. The purpose of this letter is just to let you know my opinion of the event.
First, I would like to congratulate you  (for*/on)  the success you have been having year after year. Nevertheless, I have some suggestions that may be  useful  for next year's  festival .
The artists you brought were only from six different countries, so I think  next time you should  try to  invite     people from more    nationalities, to make it more interesting than it is already.
Moreover, I have been thinking about changing the location because, as you probably already know, some concert halls were not big enough to let everybody who wanted  to go  in.
Finally, I  would just  like to  ask  you not to give up showing movies   during the  festival  because the crowds were  thrilled  with  them , and keep on offering the current prices, one of the best  deals  for us, the spectators.
If you would like to talk about my suggestions, please, do not hesitate  to get in touch  and let me know.
Yours  sincerely ,
Independent Student Magazine
Here is my article.
There are many ways to earn money,  especially  in a big city, like the one where we are  studying  all year around. Some examples could be delivering pizzas or newspapers, working as a bartender  ( through */at)      night , cleaning services, etc. I usually call these jobs  unskilled  positions.
I think,  therefore , that there is no difficulty in finding a job for our spare time. What    really makes us, the students, upset, is  finding  the perfect job.
To be more  technical  and  specific , we need a very flexible job,  which  gives  us  independence and  allows  us to stop working when we are not able to, for example during the exams period.
Moreover, and I know that that point is not easy, although we are still students, the most suitable job for us  would  be a position related  (with*/to)  our  degree . Next year I expect     to finish  my studies in LAW. And by that time I will  already have  some experience, so that I will  be able to apply more easily  for a really good job.
So,  why  don't we think more about the future, instead of being upset  (of*/about)  how to get some money to  pay for   the  next party?
To:
From:
I spent two days at  the  annual international arts festival from 21 to 22 of November.
This festival was  well organised . There were a lot of activities for everyone. I  really  liked  the  exhibitions. I had a chance to see amazing pictures  with  wezy   painted by Russian painters. There was an excellent jazz concert. The  band  "Three Kings"  presented   a  new  style  of music. I would like to  notice  that  the  dance show was  absolutely   marvellous .  What  a  great  idea to invite writers   ! I  really  liked  talking  with them.
From my point of view I can complain only  (on*/about)   the  small concert hall and  the fact  there were  artists  from only six countries. Nowadays many people  are  fond of classical music, but this concert was too small . That's  why many people  missed  this classical concert.
You wrote an  advertisement   saying  that people from more than 15  different  countries were going to visit this concert, but there were artists  from only  6 countries. It was  really   a  pity because I expected to see artists from France and Italy.
The International Arts Festival was organised quite well. I would only  recommend  you  have  more artists and  the  classical concert should be in  a  bigger hall   .
One man and one woman lived in  a  small house beside the sea.  Their  names were Ivan and Maria. They were so  poor  that  sometimes  they hardly had  anything  to eat.
One day Ivan caught a fish. It wasn't  a   normal  fish . It  was  a  Gold Fish and it  talked to  him  like   a  human :  ' Please, let me go and I can do  anything you want for you '. But Ivan was  such a  kind person that he let Gold Fish  go  without  making  any  conditions .
Afterwards he came back home. He told  his  wife    this story. She was angry and she said that Ivan was just  a  foolish man. She  persuaded  him to go to the sea to ask  for  a lot of things for her. Ivan had to do what she said. Gold Fish did everything  that  Ivan asked.
When he  came  back home, he was  surprised  because Maria was more angry than before. She said that  what Gold Fish had done for her wasn't enough .
Ivan had to beg Gold Fish again and again. In the end, greedy Maria wanted impossible  things . She said that Ivan should bring Gold Fish    home and Ivan could leave  their  house because she didn't need him anymore. Maria wanted too much and Gold Fish  returned everything at the beginning . Maria and Ivan were  poor again .
This story happened a long time ago.
Dear Mr. Clark,
I'm  an   Italian  student who  went  to the last International Arts Festival.
I think this festival is a great idea because it's  an   opportunity  to see and to  appreciate     art, but   I  also think  there are some things  that  could be changed.
I noticed that the artists were from only six countries   instead  that  from around the world. This  choice  doesn't give many artists the  opportunity  to  express   themselves .
Some concert halls were too small and often people couldn't see the performances.
There were many events  and  I think there were a few plays and films. Maybe it would be better  to put  more of them in the programme because  young people like them so much .
 The very about  young people, the  decision  to offer a  reasonably priced  weekend ticket is  an  excellent idea because it  brings them to have a contact with all what it art .
I hope that my opinion can help you to  organize   for     next year a great  international  arts festival  alone to young people .
Thank you and  greetings .
I think a good way to get money  is   to work  in a fast-food  restaurant .
Maybe the first impression isn't positive but ,  from my personal experience, I can say that this kind of job is  fine  for  getting  some money. For six months I've worked in a McDonald's restaurant in Italy and I've got lots of money. I worked eight hours every day ,  but in every fast-food  restaurant  you can work part-time, four, three, six hours every day.
It depends on what you need.
This kind of job is perfect for    young people who want  to get  money and  at the same time     have to study.
If you work in a fast-food  restaurant  you can work in the afternoon, or during the night ,  and so you have time for yourself.
 (In*/Among)  the staff you can also find young people and  have  fun with them during    work.
What  more do you want ?
If you need money and you need time for yourself try a job like that.
Dear Jane,
I have read the advertisement for the festival and I must say it is a great idea. I would like to  give  you some suggestions.
The stars and  artists  are from only six countries, and some concerts take place in small halls. I think you should put  that  in the advertisement. Are there going to be more plays and films next year?
I find the reasonably-priced ticket excellent, because there  are  a lot of people who  go  to see only one or two events, and by paying  for  the  all-events  ticket ,  they might see other events and learn about something they didn't  expect  to find interesting. I would like you to answer my letter.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you,
Dear John,
Here in Brazil the rules at school  depend  on the school. In general, the rules at private schools are much  stricter  than the ones at state schools. In mine, we didn't have many rules. For example, nobody said anything when we smoked in the garden or in the bathroom. We were allowed to go out if we didn't want to stay in class. But we had to  wear  the uniform and we had to study a lot to pass the exams.
 The  rules at home are very different. I am allowed to do what I want as long as I  study  enough to  aprove . I think that my parents let me do what I want   because they trust me.  They  know that if I go out with the car, I will not drink. It is not  always  easy, but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them.
I am looking forward to hearing from you,
Dear Mrs    Clark
I'm writing to express my dissatisfaction with  the  International Arts Festival, which was organised by you last year. However ,  I think that International Arts Festival is a great idea  but  I suggest you prepare it better.
Firstly, it was written  (on*/in)  the  advertisement  that there would be stars and  artists  from around the world .  I believe that it's difficult to arrange meetings with foreign stars but there were  artists  from only six countries and in my opinion there
should be more. Secondly, the concerts took place in concert halls   which in my opinion were too small. That was the reason why some people were complaining.
Thirdly, I suggest you    put more plays and films  on  next year, because watching them is a very nice way of spending our  free time .
Fourthly, I have to admit that a big advantage was your idea  (about*/of)  giving one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events. That was  excellent  because it attracted  people's  attention . 
Lastly, I'd like to give you a piece of advice. I suggest you invite some film stars, because they are very famous and people like them . 
I hope you'll look into these matters and improve the festival next year.
I look forward to hearing from you , 
Yours  sincerely 
Nowadays everybody wants to earn money. Young people know that money  makes  the world go round, so they always look for a job with  a  big salary. Some people say that the young shouldn't be independent and earn on their own, but I am sure that it's better to work in your  free time  than waste it. In my opinion ,  the young should work rather than wait for their pocket money. There are a lot of possibilities  of   earning  some money but of course the young are not able to get  a  well-paid job, because they are not  experienced and educated enough . They have to think about      seasonal   jobs. Firstly,  a  good way to earn money is   to help the old. They  are often  not able to do  their  shopping or walk the dog. If you help them, they may give you some money as a reward. Secondly, you can find an easy job in a shopping centre. It's better paid and  a  permanent job. You can work in storage, look after the goods or catch shoplifters. If you are  a  good  mathematician  you can be a seller.
Thirdly ,  if you are  good-looking  you can apply for a job in  a  restaurant and become  a  waiter. Maybe you'll not get a big salary but think about the tips, which in the posh restaurants are very high.
Lastly, if you like playing instruments and you don't like working you can go busking. If you are  a  good musician you will get a lot of money.
Dear Jane Clark,
I am writing this letter to give my opinion on the last International  Arts Festival .
Firstly ,  I found  the number of stars and artists who came to the festival amazing  although they  were  from only six countries around the world. The concerts and the dance show were  incredible , except for the classical concert that  was in   too small a hall .
Secondly ,  the plays and films were very  well  organized  despite      the   low   numbers . I suggest  you   organise  a couple more next year. The art exhibition and the talks by writers were great. The art exhibition showed us a new  lifestyle  and society    that  was  totally  different from ours. The talks by writers were very  technical  but  they  could be understood by all the people who were  (in*/at)  the festival . 
In conclusion, I  was   impressed   (on*/by)  all the good organisation, the service and the cost of the weekend ticket for all events. The price  was   excellent  because there wasn't any  time limit .
I hope that you  organise  this festival for all the  coming  years.
 Yours  Sincerely
Dear Alice,
How are you?  I was  pleased to hear from you.
As you already know I go to an English school, Bear House, in Spain. The rules in my country are  normal , I mean, the rules are very similar to other countries in Europe.
At school you aren't allowed to bring  in  connected  mobile  phones although there  is  more than one student that does   . Teachers will take it from you if it  rings  during school hours.  Nor are you  allowed to bring drugs or arms, to smoke or to drink alcohol inside the school. You have to respect other  people's   opinions , teachers,  school   equipment  and people who  work  in the school. If you  break  one of these rules you could be  expelled  for a week, a month or for ever.
At home I'm allowed to do what I want if I'm respectful  (with*/of)  my  parents'   timetable . I can go out at night once a week if I tell them  where  I'm going to be.  If  I lie  to  them or don't explain  the  plans that my friends and I have I  won't  be able to go out , and   will have  the  responsibility   of   looking  after my brother  when  they aren't at home.
 In answer  to  your  question ,  I  wouldn't  change  anything  because I think that these are the minimum rules that a  teenager   has  to have to be  responsible  in  the  future.
 Love 
17th December, 2000
Jane Clark, organizer
Dear Madam,
I'm writing this letter to congratulate you  (for*/on)  the excellent international arts festival we     enjoyed  last November. I  think  it was a very good idea. However, there are a few things that I personally think  could  be improved in     future   years .
First of all, because of the advertisement I expected  stars  and artists from all over the world but they came from only six countries. Artists from different cultures  could  make the festival even more interesting.
Secondly, although the music concerts were good, I think that some concert halls were too small. It was a shame to  find  that some of them were sold out because  of  the  reduced  number of seats available. However, I really enjoyed the dance shows and the plays and films. I suggest it  might  be a good idea to  arrange  more projections next year. Moreover, in my opinion two days is a short time for this kind of event, and I strongly encourage you to organise a full  week's  festival.
Finally, the  price  was  reasonable  and it was helpful to have one ticket for all the weekend.
I hope you'll  act on  my suggestions.
Yours sincerely,
Once upon a time, in a small Catalan village, there was a little boy who loved  fooling around  and making jokes. His father was a  shepherd ,  and   he  had one hundred  sheep  and one dog, and he used to take the animals to the mountain to feed them. One day, he became ill and was worried about the animals. His little son, called Joan,  said  quickly: "I will help you. I will take care of the  sheep  for you, father".
 The  next day he went to the mountain with the animals. At the beginning he was excited but soon he got bored. "Let's have a bit of fun", he thought. And then he started shouting: " A  fox! Help me!  A  fox!"
Some people  came  to help him, and then realised that it was not true. They were angry. He did it  some  more times, and  in the end  nobody  took any notice  of the  shouts .
One day, the fox attacked his animals and he shouted as much as he could. Nobody came. Then he learned  always to tell  the truth.
Dear Jane Clark
Hello!
My name is Yuna Kimber who attended this annual International Arts Festival.
I'd like to say something that I felt during the festival, and give my opinions that would be  helpful  for you to prepare for the next festival   .
First of all, I  congratulate  you for organizing such an exciting festival.  It was a great idea, and I enjoyed myself  (to*/at)  this festival  very  much.
By the way, according to the advertisement, lots of stars and artists from around the world were supposed to be invited for the festival, but I was able to meet them    from only six countries.
And another thing is that some concert halls were too small, so when I went there for Jazz and rock concerts it was so crowded, and during the concerts people felt  suffocated .
I hope you'll get much bigger  concert   halls  next year.
On the other hand,  the  plays and films were excellent.
I expect that much more  varied  kinds of plays and films will be on next year.
Finally, I'd like to mention  the  reasonably-priced weekend ticket.  It was brillient, because if I had to pay  for  all things  individually  I wouldn't have attended it, because it was very expensive for me.  Thank you very much  (about*/for)  that.
I hope it will be helpful and useful for you.
Bye for now
Faithfully yours
 A long  time ago, there were two brothers, whose parents were dead.  Their parents were rich, so when they passed away they left a lot of money.
By the way, the elder brother, Nolbu was a  very  greedy man.
He didn't want to share the money with his brother, Hungbu ,  so he took all of the money, and said to Hungbu to go away from the house without anything.
Hungbu had nothing but his  family of twelve .
But, even if he was  very  poor, he was  very  good and had a lot of affection  (about*/for)  the people who were much poorer than his family, so he looked after them.
But, Nolbu always made people annoyed, and enjoyed other people's misfortune.
One cold day, Hungbu saw a bird that had a broken wing, so the bird couldn't fly to the warmer  country  during the winter.  He cured the bird    with love, and the bird was able to fly.
The following year, when the bird returned  to  his house, he gave him a message.  It was a kind of map that showed the  location   (for*/of)  a lot of money which robbers hid.
Therefore, Hungbu became much richer than Nolbu, and he lived happily with the money helping the poor.
People  believe  that the bird was sent  (by*/from)  heaven.
This story happened a long time ago.
Dear Jane Clark,
I am writing to thank you for  arranging   the  International Arts Festival. It was  an  absolutely great idea.
However, I would like to give some suggestions for next year as I have read the advertisement.
Firstly, could you invite stars and artists from more than only six  countries ? In my opinion, it might be better to have time with  a  variety  of   nationalities . Secondly, the music concerts were very exciting and  I  had a lot of fun, but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably.
Thirdly, I am expecting to watch more films and plays ,  which were impressive.
Lastly, it could be nice  (to*/for)  students who are interested in  the  arts, if you  offer  special events, for instance,  a  song contest, writing competition or dance lessons.
To sum up, I hope the festival is  organised  next year with excellent reasonably-priced  tickets  like this year's.
Yours sincerely,
PART TIME JOBS : Find    your place
Do you need money? If you do,  make sure  why you want to earn money. That is very important to find a way  (for*/of)  earning and saving money.
Probably the best way you can get money is to have a  part-time  job in your spare time. I am recommending you  check  your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend? - before you  apply for  a job.
If you just decide to work, you'd better  find  a job  near  your place. Firstly, go to your school or local council. They will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you. Secondly,  ask  your family or friends. As they know about your  interests  and personality, it is easy to help you. In my case,  I could get a telephone researcher part by my friend's reference. 
In conclusion, don't forget that a job is just  done  in your "spare" time. That's it!
Dear Jane Clark,
I spent two days at the International Arts Festival you  organized . I enjoyed it very much and I think you  had  a great idea.
I went to all the events, they were really good.
I liked all the stars and the artists who came from around the world, even if the number of countries was very  small , only six. Why don't you let more countries  participate  next year?
I also liked the concerts. But, can I give you a suggestion for next year? Try to find bigger halls, because this year they were really too small!
I enjoyed all the plays and films, but they were fewà why don't you  broadcast  more at  the  next Festival?
I also went to the dance shows, the art exhibition and the talks by writers, they were really very nice and interesting.
I also agree with you about the ticket's  price . In fact, it was really a reasonably-priced ticket, excellent because you could go to all the events  just  with  it . And that's the reason  why  lots of people came.
An  admirer 
Capua, 16/12/2000
Hi Jane, how are you?
I received your letter yesterday, and I want to answer you  quickly !
I think the discussion in your class was very interesting. In my country there are different rules at school, but I think they are, more or less, the same in England. You have to begin your lesson at 8.25 and wait for the teacher of the next lesson in the class.
You have a break of ten minutes,  that you would have to do in class . You can't speak during the lesson or outside the classrooms. You can't write on walls and desks..
I have some rules also at home, but they are few. I can do everything I want, except going out with the car during the night. My parents are afraid of it because I  only got my licence  in September.
My parents also like eating all together, but it isn't a rule, only  a   habit !
I don't think there is  anything  I'd like to change!
I like my life, both at school and at home!
Write to me soon
Dear Ms Clark,
I am very glad to write to you. I spent two days at the International Arts festival you organised. I enjoyed most of the events I went to, but I feel that the festival could be even better next year. Here are some opinions and suggestions:
Although your advertisement said there would be stars and artists from around the world, I was able to see artists from only six countries. Additionally, some concert halls were too small to relax  in ,  though  most of them were very comfortable.
It was a pity for me that there were fewer plays and films than I had expected. I suggest    that you should organise more next year.
On the other hand, there  was  a lot that impressed me very much. For example, there was one  reasonably priced  weekend ticket for all events. It is a very good way to increase the number of music-lovers.
 Last but not least , I would like to thank you for devoting yourself to making this festival wonderful every year. I enjoyed it very much.
Sincerely yours,
Long long ago, there lived in  the  province of Bizen in Japan an old woman and an old man. They were  eager  to have a child, but they had never been able to.
One day, the woman went to the riverside, and found a peach floating in the river. She  took  it to her house, cutting it  in two  ,  with her husband. To their surprise, there was a boy in the peach! They named him Momotaro, and looked after him.
The boy had grown and had become very strong when he heard that there were lots of devils on Onigashima Island who robbed many people in Bizen of  a lot of  money and  a lot of   treasure . He made up his mind to defeat them, and asked his stepmother for some kibidango, one of traditional snacks in Japan. Having eaten the kibidango, he departed for Onigashima with three friends of  his : a dog, a monkey and a bird.
Reaching the island, he and his friends fought bravely against the devils. They finally succeeded  in  defeating the devils, and took back all the money and  treasure . After that, they went home.
All the people in Bizen including his stepparents  received  Momotaro and his friends with    great joy.
This story happened a long time ago.
Dear Jane Clark,
I am writing to you to give  you  some opinions of mine  about  The International Arts Festival.
It was a great idea and I had the pleasure of resting and relaxing, plus of  acquiring  some important knowledge from it. On the other hand there were some disadvantages: 1.  The stars  and artists  were   from only  six countries . 
2. Some concert halls were too small. So it was impossible to get tickets there.
3. I  don't think that there were  enough plays and films.
To sum up I want to tell you  about  my suggestions for next year's festival. It would be wonderful to buy some books or  programmes  with  the  signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival. Also I think that  the  dance shows should include different styles of dancing (e.g.  the  national  dance  of all the countries) to impress  the  audience and  not to bore with the similar scenes .
I hope this letter will help you  (in*/with)   organizing   the festival  . 
Yours  sincerely 
Hello Philip,
I have just got your letter. It is a pleasure for me to  keep in touch  with such a friend as you are. Thank you very much.
In our school we have the following rules: 1. Every  pupil  has to sit alone .  (I mean that one desk is given  (for*/to)  one  person  . )
2. One should have such marks as ,,3", ,,4", ,,5" ,  not ,,2" ,  which is   equal  to fail .
3. Another strict rule is not to be late for your lessons. Otherwise you are not allowed to come in.
These rules are strict and certainly we have  an  endless number of  just-so-called  rules. I don't think you will be interested in them.
 Honestly  speaking I am not sure about home rules. I think that in our family everything is based on mutual understanding. We don't have  old-fashioned  rules or  anything   like   that .
I'm afraid I must be going now because I want to send you this letter today.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Love
Dear Sir,
First of all I would like to say that organising an International Arts Festival was a great idea. I enjoyed it and found  it   worth   visiting .
The Annual International Arts Festival, which was held on the 21st and 22nd of November, was colourful with    stars and  artists  coming from around the world. Although this was true, they were from only six countries. You could have let us get  acquainted   (to*/with)  more cultures by inviting  guests  from some other countries too.
The concert halls were not big enough to let all the guests in. So I could hardly  attend  all of the concerts.
The organisation was very good .  I found chances to see dance shows, art exhibitions and to listen to writers, but there could be more plays and films next year.
It was really a  reasonably priced  weekend for me, but you should also  introduce  new activities like competitions  (on*/in)  singing songs    or  drawing a  portrait  next year. Then it would be excellent.
Thanks for everything.
Yours   faithfully  ,
Dear Ana,
I have received your letter. It is nice to hear from you again. I'm in a hurry, so I will  come directly  to the point.
Everywhere and  at   every time  in our lives we  are faced  with    rules. Some  view  them as a source of protection of their rights and others as a limitation of them. For me they are both.
At  school  we have certain rules like being in the class, sitting in your place before the lecture starts, bringing in your equipment with you, keeping quiet during the lessons and raising your hand when you want to talk. I think these are international rules which help things to  progress  in order.
 On the other hand  there are other rules which annoy us like the  ones  about  clothing . You should wear the same things every time, no changes and alternations are allowed. It makes us like robots and  we  feel bad psychologically, because we want to be different and free in  what   we   wear . Also the attendance rules put a strain on us. If we don't come to school for 10 days, then we can't pass the  course . They don't care if we have problems, exams to study  for  or if we are ill.
At  home  we  again have  rules, but more flexible ones. You should be punctual when coming to  the  dining table, respectful, do your  homework  and watch TV less and not too loud.
I would like to change the attendance and clothing rules in school, but I don't have    enough power. They are against democracy I think.
Anyway hope to hear from you soon.
With all my love,
Dear Mrs.    Clark,
Recently I was at the annual international arts festival   that you organized. I'm writing this letter to thank you for giving <NS type="M"></NS>  the   opportunity  to know more about modern art.
I think   it is a wonderful idea to organize such festivals each year, because it is very interesting to learn some news about life in other countries.
Unfortunately, only six countries were represented this year at the festival, but I hope that soon there  will be   many  more of them.
I  really  liked all  the  concerts, shows,  and  exhibitions, but why  weren't there  any  photographic  exhibitions? I think   you should  have  some next year.  Also , I want to  point out    that  the  concert halls were too small, that is why they were overcrowded during some concerts.
 Also , I want to say   that  the  plays and films were  excellent , but  there   weren't  enough of them for me.  Maybe  you should  have  more next year . 
And  finally , my opinion is that one weekend ticket for all events is a great idea, because you don't have to  wait  in queues to buy a ticket for a show   you want to go to.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Lucia,
I was very pleased to receive your letter. You asked   if there are some school rules in my country.
As you know, I'm studying at  a  private Academy, so the rules in my institute are different from the rules in state institutes. I'll give you an example. In our  Academy  we are not allowed to smoke. The fine for smoking on the  Academy's      premises  is 100 dollars. So nobody smokes there. I don't smoke, so I don't care about this rule. But some of my friends really would like to change it. You also wanted to know about what I'm allowed or not allowed to do at home. Well, I have rather modern parents, so they don't  stop  me  going  to     discos  or somewhere with my friends. The only rule for me at home is to walk       my dog three times a day.
I hope it was interesting for you to know about the rules in my life.
 I look  forward to hearing from you,
Dear Jane Clark,
 I am writing about an annual international arts festival with a good impression. I have spent two days on it which was exciting.  However, I would like to make a suggestion that you could consider for it.
The name of the event, International Arts Festival, is  a  great idea actually, but there were stars and artists  from only  six countries  apart from your advertisement . I suppose more countries are going to be informed even during and after the events.
The second point I would like to make is about the concerts which showed people Jazz, rock and  classical   music , which were fantastic. However,       some concert halls were too small. Quite few seats were available for  the  audience, so a few people had to stand and watch  the  concerts. I see you might not have had much time to be well-organised.
As well as that,  I expect you plays and films are performed more . Even if the majority of my friends had a good time there I saw some people  would anticipate it, because there were many people who were impressed in it. 
Finally, I would like to see the good side of things about the weekend ticket. It is  an  excellent price because when I am  tempted  to watch some festivals, obviously it costs much more money. At that time I was lucky and also, I would like to  recommend   it   to  other friends. That's how I am feeling about that.
I expect you  will  be  even better organised  next year.
Yours sincerely
Dear George,
Thank you for your letter. I could be interested in your letter.
 But it is quite different rather than you. Becoming more strict gradually at home that at school is true as you said. 
Nowadays while my country is developing, most people are very busy, so they can't bring up their children.  I think the rule of school has many thing stoping students doing.  For example, if students behave wrongly at school, they will have some punishments even up to now. What else, unless they pass the exam they have to  have  extra  lessons  or  tests . But most teachers consult with their parents, so  if  they behave wrongly it is true  that  teachers call their parents.
Apart from that, at home, children are not allowed to use impolite words and on  the  weekend they have to help parents to do some chores.
But people would like to change  the   lifestyle  in their house because there  aren't  convenient  appliances  in their  houses  yet.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours
Dear Miss ,
I am writing to suggest some  ideas  for the International  Arts  Festival next year. I have just been there and  thought of  some  improvements  which could make the festival better.
First of all, the festival was a great idea. There were a number of stars and artists from around the world, but  only from  six countries. Secondly, they held some concerts, but some  of the  concert halls were so small that there was not enough space for  all  the people. Thirdly, it was nice to see several plays and films. We would be pleased if you could have more. Fourthly, everyone seems to have enjoyed seeing  the  dance shows and the art exhibitions and listening to the talks. Lastly, the weekend ticket was excellent because it was quite reasonable. However, a ticket for each event is expensive. I suggest you have a  one-day  ticket or a  reasonably priced  ticket for every event.
That is everything I have  thought of   concerning  the festival. I would be grateful if you could think about it.
Yours sincerely
Dear Sharyl,
Thank you for your letter. I really enjoyed reading it. I'm very happy to know you're  pretty  well.
Speaking of rules, most of them are annoying! There're plenty of rules in my high school. For example, girls must keep the length of  their   skirts     5 cm  (under*/below)  their knees. That's so stupid! It doesn't  interfere with  studying, does it? And also we're not allowed to bring any sweets. I know some rules are necessary to control the students. The school uniform is a good example. And the advantage of this is I don't need to think about what to put on every morning!
In my house, I'm allowed to do anything unless it bothers somebody. But there's one thing I can't stand   . I'm not allowed to go out late at night. I want to go dancing sometimes. You're allowed to do that, aren't you? That's wonderful! I'm really jealous of you!
Take care. I'll write to you soon!
Love,
16/12/2000
Dear Jane Clark,
First of all, I'd like you to know that the whole organization was  almost  excellent. I spent two nice days at the festival full of art.
The idea of making the festival "international" was very good. I could find the opportunity to watch    artists from different countries, but there could have been stars from more than 6 countries. The jazz, classical and rock concerts were great despite some of the concert halls  being  too small.  The   plays  and films I watched were also excellent, but more could be on the stage next year. I  attended  the art exhibitions and saw interesting pictures. The dance shows  were   a  sight for our  sore  eyes ;  they were really fascinating. I learned so many things about the writers and their ideas,  not to mention  their  lifestyles  ,  by talking to them.  In addition to  all  that , the  idea  of joining  in  all  the  activities  (by*/with)  one   reasonably  priced  ticket was excellent   because it saved you from  having   to buy  one ticket for each activity. Next year, I think you should increase the number of shows, concerts and  other things ,  and  also the time spent at the festival (for example: at least 5 days), then everything would be perfect.
Thank you for  holding  a great festival which made all the  arts  activities come together.
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Jennifer,
I'm glad that everything's going on well there. It's the same here. I've got  a lot of  exams  at the moment , but that's all. By the way, it would be better  if  you wrote  to me quite often .
The things you wrote about the rules made me think for a long time and I understood that some really don't make any sense! The more you obey the rules, the better person you are! Our school is really very  disciplined , especially about our clothes and  behaviour . I understand the second part, but I can't  understand  the reason  (of*/for)   only wearing white and dark blue . Do we become the "perfect one" then? Then again, we have to obey all these rules. It can be said that I'm much  freer  at home. I'm allowed to do whatever I want  (at*/in)  my room. I can't go out at nights easily, but that is not something that I mind about. There are three main things that are very important for my family: respect, honesty and trust. I think I show these three to them.
Don't ever forget to write to me, okay?
Love,
Dear Jane Clark,
I am writing in order to give my opinions about the annual International Arts Festival I have  attended .
First of all, I have to say that the idea of such a festival is great. It gives an opportunity to get acquainted with the  cultural  variety of the whole world. However, at this festival there were artists  from only  six countries , whereas   the  advertisement promised stars from around the world.
Despite that, all the jazz, rock and classical concerts were extremely enjoyable , although  some concert halls were too small for all the guests of the festival.
Another  disadvantage  of the festival's programme was  the  lack of plays and films which are the best <NS type="MN"></NS> to display  a  modern  country's  culture ,  I  think . I hope there will be more of them next year.
I must also admit the organization of the festival was perfect. All the guests were offered a weekend ticket for all events. That was an excellent decision as all the events started at different  times  and there  were  plenty of them. In addition, it was  reasonably-priced .
In  conclusion , I would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be  made . For example,    next year's one  could  last not for two days only, but for a week. So it will be available for  a  greater  number  of people.
The programme  could   also be  improved by adding new categories such as folk songs.
Thank you for your kind attention.
Sincerely yours,
Everybody wants to earn a bit of money. Especially young people who are always  out of  their small budget.  Fortunately , there are many ways to earn some money nowadays.
Of course, young people can work only in their spare time. It  means  that a job should be part-time.
So, one opportunity is working as a baby-sitter. This job doesn't demand much  ability , but a lot of patience though. In addition to baby-sitting ,  you may also give some lessons to small children such as (tl) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language,  English  ,  for example.
Another way to earn some money is to work as a waiter after classes. This job requires a lot of energy ,  however. But you can earn more. Furthermore, it's possible to work abroad during a holiday.
But if you don't like children and are not easy-going enough to work as a waiter you may  choose   the  more  peaceful  job of a typist at home. There are a lot of people not willing to type essays and reports themselves or just not having a computer. So, you can help them and earn   quite  enough .
To sum up, there is no problem without a solution and if you are an active and broad-minded person, you will surely find a way to earn money even in  the  Arctic.
16.12.00
Dear Clark,
I am writing  (to*/in)  response to the  International   Arts  Festival, which took place on 21-22 November. I would like to inform you   that it was a great idea and  a   valuable   activity  as a social event.
However, it was a  disappointment    when I realised that not many countries were attending    the event. I  would have liked to have  seen more countries from all around the world, for instance ,   the   Far East ,  Indonesia  etc.
It wasn't  difficult  to find the right hall  (to*/for)  the shows, I  would  say it was very well organised.
But one thing   I have to mention is that some of the concert halls  were  too small and  they   weren't  comfortable  either  ,   and this   spoiled  the great atmosphere.
 On the other hand , I enjoyed    being  one  of the people  seeing  the plays    films,  the  dance shows which  were   brilliantly  performed     and the  art  exhibitions . Listening  to  talks by    famous writers was  an  opportunity which I couldn't  miss .
I would like to ask   if you could  extend  the plays and films    next year? I have to add that the weekend ticket was  a great  idea to  sell  all the events.
Finally, I  appreciate  your  organisation  and look forward to hearing  (from*/about)  the next International Arts Festival.
16.12.00
Dear Nico,
 It's  really nice to  hear  from you and thank you very much for the letter  and  photos.  It was  a good idea to send them to me, because I have to confess that I have lost my camera and also the films. What a  pity !
By the way ,  how is your new school?  Do  you like it more than the previous one?
I must say that our school rules are quite different  to  yours. First of all we have to stand up   when we speak to the teacher and have to pay full attention to the lessons. If you  miss  a lesson, that could  cause  a  problem  for  you . I think it depends on the school.  Private  schools have  a  more relaxed atmosphere  than  the state  schools . They don't have  strict  rules and students can take extra lessons.
On the other hand, in the state schools as I said, we are more respectful to the teacher and bad  behaviour   is  punished. For example, you have to do more  homework  or they  send  you home etc. Of course smoking isn't allowed  (at*/in)  any part of the  school .
I have a relaxed family and we  share  all the  housework . My  father  does the cooking, my mother does the cleaning and I     tidy  up! But in many  families  ,  women  do  more than men. I can't accept that, because you have to share all the duties and spend more time together.
Anyway ,   I  think that's it for now.
I hope to  hear  from you soon.
Lots of  love 
Dear Ms J. Clark,
I am writing to you to thank  you  for  your   very  good organisation of  the  International Arts Festival, where  I spent  two  excellent  days recently.
I would like to inform you  that  the idea was great and I hope that  so needful for people events   will become  a good tradition in our country. I think that providing such festivals could help people to be  (in*/at)  the centre of cultural life of the world and to have enough information about    new  artistic  styles . 
But I hope that next year  visitors   (of*/to)   the  festival  will be  able to  be introduced   (with*/to)  more art groups from all over the world. I suggest it would be very  interesting  to meet artists from  faraway  and exotic countries.
Also, if I were you I would make your concert halls a bit larger, because     very  many people would like to spend their holidays with their families  (on*/at)  your festival next year . 
 At the event  this year some halls   which I  visited  were overcrowded and there were some problems with ventilation during some shows . 
 To finish  my letter, I hope  that  my notes  can  help you to make  next year's  festival more  interesting  and comfortable for  the  public . 
Yours sincerely,
Want to be independent? Earn  money   for  yourself.
Everybody knows that  ordinary  students are not the richest  people  in the world. But  when  you are at    university you need money more    then anybody else want .
It is so because you are young and need to make your life as  interesting  as it can be now.
All  those  discos, concerts,  and   tourist  trips have to be paid  for   (by*/with)     different  sums  of those small coloured pieces of paper   called money
Of course, the easiest way to  get   it  is to ask your parents for help, but a great number of young  people  want to be independent. So  they  need to get a job  and  that is very difficult when you haven't  got  any special education and experience yet.
 The most  common way to earn  money  is  babysitting . Many young people earn their pocket money  in this way , helping  parents in the neighbourhood  to have a bit more spare time. Other students work as house or office managers,  sell  different goods or even  work  as     bouncers . Naturally, it's easier to get a job  when  you  are  good  (in*/at)  foreign  languages  or computers.  Then  you can find yourself  work  as a tourist guide or as a secretary.
Sometimes small groups of students  organize  their own small business. For example, they can design furniture or clothes,  create   websites  and so on.  In short , if  a  young man  wants  to earn a bit of money  himself ,    luck and success will find him . 
Dear Jane Clark,
The purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the International Arts  Festival  I attended last weekend.
I believe that the event was good . However  ,  I feel that the festival  could  be improved next year.
Firstly ,  I would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an International Arts Festival is fantastic, but in your advertisement it    said that I would find stars and artists from  around  the world, when, in fact, they were from only six countries. I do understand that it must be difficult to get these people to  come  to the festival, but it would be nice if next year we could meet  some  other personalities.
Secondly ,  I  believe  you should know that a lot of people, including me, were not able to enjoy  the  concerts because some concert halls were too small.
I would be very  grateful  if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year.
Last but not least ,  I would like you to know that I think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event  separately .
I hope you find my  opinions  useful.
Once again ,  congratulations on the Festival.
I hope to  hear  from you soon , 
 Yours   sincerely ,
 Tips   for   earning  money
When the holidays  begin  everybody is happy because it represents the beginning of a time full of fun and lots of interesting things to do, but in order to do these things we all need money and that is a big problem  (to*/for)  most of us.
 There  are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time. One of the most common examples is  babysitting  . Taking  care of little children is easy and it doesn't require special skills :  all you need is a lot of patience.
If looking after children doesn't  suit  you, you can try  the same thing  with pets. Lots of people would pay you to take their dog for a walk. So if you like animals this is your chance to earn  some  money and have fun at the same time.
Another option is to wash your neighbour's car. In this case you need to buy the materials you will work with, but don't worry, soap is not very expensive.
 The  most important thing is that you  choose the most suitable work for you wisely , according to the things you like to do.
If you don't find anything good enough for you don't worry, you should always remember: It's not all about the money!
Dear Ms Clark,
I spent two days at the last annual international arts festival and I would like to congratulate  you  on the organization. I am also  writing  to make a suggestion and to give  you  my opinion  (for*/about)   next   year's  festival.
An  international  arts festival is a great idea, but at the last  die  there were  stars  and artists from only six countries, and it could be more interesting to have the  opportunity  to meet artists and stars from more than six cultures.
In my opinion some concert halls were too small. I could not listen to one of my  favourite   classical    concerts  , "La Moldava" by Smetana. Most of the plays and films were brilliant but I think that if there is  enough money , it  would  be better to have the  opportunity  to watch more movies.
I am glad to tell you that one  reasonably priced  weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because    people who do not have a lot of money can enjoy the festival.
I would like to  make  a suggestion. I think that meeting writers, dancers, musicians and artists  should  be very interesting for anybody.
Yours sincerely
Dear George,
Thank you very much for your recent letter. I'm very happy that you are well. When I read your letter I was surprised because I didn't know that you  had  so many rules both at school and at home.
In Italy there aren't a lot of rules at school and they aren't very  strict . Nobody  should be  late in the morning because it is important to respect  your   classmates'  and teachers' effort     to get  up early. Nobody is allowed to speak to a friend during the lesson. I can't have my mobile on and drinking and eating in the classroom is    bad  manners . There isn't  any  kind of punishment for people who do these things.
My parents are very good. The most important thing for my parents is that I don't tell them  lies . It's important for them that I tell them where I'm going if I go out and what time I think  I'll be  coming back home. I can do what I like doing but I have to study. This is the only condition  regarding   doing  what I  want .
There isn't anything that I'd like to change.
Write soon
Love
 Dear  Ms Clark,
I am writing to you in order to give you some advice about the annual International Arts Festival.
Last  season  I spent two days at the Festival. I enjoyed myself very much, but I think that the organization of the next festival could be better.
First of all, as I see it the idea of an Arts Festival is great because in this way many people can  get to know  artists who  come  from different countries. Unfortunately, in the last  edition   the  artists     came  from only six countries, so I think you should invite artists from other countries, for example from Africa.
Secondly, I appreciated the fact that there were concerts  (of*/for)  different  kinds  of music, but in this case the main problem was that some  concert halls  were too small, and because of  that  I couldn't see one of the concerts  (in*/on)   the  programme.
In my opinion, one of the best things  (of*/about)  the last Festival was that there were not only concerts  there . I saw films and I played ping-pong.  (In*/At)  the next  edition  will  there  be more or less  of that ?  More I hope . The thing that I liked much more than  anything else    was that I  only had to buy  one ticket for all  the  events, and it was  not  pricey.
It is clear that for me the last Festival was really great, so I have only one suggestion to give you .  I think you should  have  a  kindergarten  . In  fact a certain number of women couldn't see the Festival because of their  children .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely 
I like  reading  very much, because every book that I read shows me a different world. What I  am trying  to explain is that in every book there are characters or situations  that are  really different.
So we can read realistic stories or fantastic  ones  . It  depends  (from*/on)  what we prefer.
I always prefer  to read  books that are  unusual  in some way, because they give me the opportunity     to escape  from    everyday reality. One of my favourite books is without  doubt    Wuthering Heights ,  a famous book written by Emily Brontë. The attention of the <unknown/> is focused on the unfortunate love  (of*/between)  Heatcliff and Catherine.
They are the main characters of that book, and what  characterizes  them is the violence of their passions. In this book you can find only good or bad characters ;  everything is good or bad. If you look at this book like a painting you can't see  afumature  of colours, you see only primary colours.
In other words, when I read a book I want to go  (in*/into)  a world where I can find something different from my everyday life.
Dear Mrs    Clark,
With regard to your International Arts Festival   advertisement  , I would like to share with you the pleasure I had to be part of the event and  make  some suggestions for next year's festival that you might take  (in*/into)  consideration.
The International Arts Festival is a  wonderful  idea. I enjoyed most of the events and I found your prices excellent ,  considering that I am a student and that I do not have much money.
In your  advertisement  you  mentioned  that there  would be  artists and stars  coming from all around the world , unfortunately I found out only six countries were represented. I would like to suggest that more countries should be part of the  festival  if it is possible. It is a very good opportunity to listen to different  kinds  of music and to discover different  cultures .
Hoping that I  have not offended  you in any  way  and that you might take  (in*/into)  consideration my  suggestions , I wish you all the best for next year's festival organisation.
Yours  sincerely 
It's a story of a special person who was born in my country and who is now known worldwide. The night he came into this world   was one of  grater     for the  inhabitants  of the country  and   also  of the town where he was born, it was  an   ordinary  night. The sky was so clear that the moon and the stars  lit up  all the land. Only the  ones  who knew how to read stars could actually tell that a great king  had been  born. When the three men saw him ,  they fell on their knees to worship him. The mother was  proud  because she knew he was sent from above and he was going to be the one to set people free from their sins. This little man from Israel died as the <NS type="MJ"></NS> hero of all times. His message is still as  impacting  today and will always be ,  even if this story happened a long time ago.
Dear Jane Clark
Hello, I spent two days at your annual international arts festival. I was very impressed and I wish you could make the festival better next year.
I think  the  International Arts Festival is a great idea, because you can see how other  countries'  art is, but I think in this festival, there were  too many  countries'  people . You should pick only six countries, so it won't be very busy and another reason is that the concert hall is too small  so  that the people  couldn't  even dance  (in*/at)  classical concerts.
This years' 'plays and films' was too short. I was very disappointed about this, but the other shows were great. I felt very good about all these shows.
In my opinion, the tickets for all events is a wonderful idea, because everybody has a chance to see everything and the people would think this is a great festival.
What do you think about picking five people and  giving  them tickets for 'Art Travel'? I think this is a good idea. Generally it was very good and I  hope  more people  will  come next year.
Yours Faithfully,
Dear Tim, I'm glad to have your letter back  so  soon. Do you want to know about our country's rules? I think your country and our country's rules are the same. First,  in  school, we are not allowed to run. This is very important, because many accidents happen because of running. When we need to go upstairs, you have to keep left and when you have to go downstairs, you need to keep left as well. You have to do your homework and do your best  at  what you're asked to do. You can't go to the toilet during the class, because you are interrupting the other  students'  study and there are more.. like when the class starts you have to keep quiet and you can't say anything while the teacher speaks. Second, at home we all have different rules. Some  families  have rules that you have to  put  spoons and dishes everyday. I think the main rule is when you can play computer games, because they love computer games. Tell me about English rules. I'm curious about it.    best wishes from
Dear Jane Clark
I am writing to tell you about the festival    this time and I would like to suggest  to  you three things for  the  next festival.
First of all, it is  a  great idea to have    this kind of festival. I enjoyed it so much. But, there are three things which I would like to tell you. Firstly , there  were stars and artists from only six countries. I  expected  to see  a variety of nationalities . Secondly, I actually liked  the  Jazz, rock and classical concerts very much. However, some concert halls were too small for the  large number of  people so we couldn't have a enough space.  Thirdly,  I would like    you to consider    having more plays and films next year. It would be nicer.
Otherwise, the price was really reasonable for all  the weekend events . I was satisfied with that.
And if there was musical event , it  would be  great . I hope the next one will be better. And I would like to thank you  (about*/for)   organising  this festival.
I look forward to  the  next festival very much.
Yours sincerely
Dear Lula
Hello. How are you doing? I hope you're well. It's nice to hear about your class. It's quite interesting.
Let me tell you some rules at school in my country. Actually , we  have quite strict rules. When I was a student, I wasn't allowed to wear any fashionable clothes.  Only It was like a formal clothes.  And we couldn't wear any  colourful  clothes and socks. Also our  hairstyle  was the same  for  everyone. It's really strict.
At home , there  is one thing I'd like to change. I'm not allowed to sleep at my friend's house. I really like chatting all night with my friends. But I can't  do  it. I'm  persuading  my mum, perhaps. The school rules in my country are more strict than  in  your country.
Anyway , if  you want to know about something of our country ,  I'm glad to tell you more.
I'm looking forward to getting your letter soon.
Thank you. Take care of yourself.
 Love ,
Dear Ms. ,
I am writing this letter to express my thoughts about the International Art Festival of this year. I was so impressed  with  the exhibitions  (of*/at)  the festival that you  organized . Furthermore, it's  a   worthwhile  experience for people  who want  to know  about     other countries' arts.
But I would like to  make  some requests  regarding  the festival.
Firstly, it  would be  better to invite more artists  not only from six countries . For example,  the artists or stars from we have rare chance to feel the atmosphere .
Secondly, some concert halls were too small to  contain  all of the audience. Moreover, plays and films were shown only twice a day so that people  had gathered one time . I would  like   more performances to be held  next year in the bigger halls.
Finally,  with regard to  tickets, it is  a   really  wonderful idea because it is more  convenient  to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people.
 You may consider my suggestion to have the art festival for next year .
Yours Sincerely
 A long  long time ago, there were  an  old man and old woman  who  lived  (in*/at)   the  foot of  a  mountain.
One day, when the old man went into the  bamboo  bush, he found  some   bamboo   gritted white . He had never seen such  bamboo  before but decided to cut it down.  There  was a lovely baby in it. He was surprised but was pleased because he had no child. He took the baby to his house and explained what had happened in the bush to the old woman. The old woman was glad to have a baby and they decided to bring up the baby. The baby was named 'Kaguya.'
She grew very  quickly  and was so beautiful. A lot of men asked her to marry    them but she always refused. One  full moon  night she said to her parents sadly, 'I have to return to the Moon tonight.' The old man and woman tried to  get  her  to stay   in  their house, but they couldn't.
 Her  servants from the Moon  carried  her up to the Moon. She  had gone  away. She was the princess of the Moon.
This    happened a long time ago.
16.12.00
Dear Jane
Firstly ,  I want to tell you that the idea of the "International Arts Festival" was a really great idea. I enjoyed the festival  pretty  much. However I think that it could be better if you could rearrange  small  details.
I think that next year you should have more artists from different countries, so that it can be a real International Festival.  This also would take more attraction to the festival .
Another point which I think was  annoying     was  the concert  hall . The concerts were great but the hall was too small for so  many  people .  I hope that next year the concerts will take place in a bigger hall.
The plays and the films were really great. I enjoyed all of them. I hope to see  many  more films next year.
The best thing about the festival was the price I think, because it  had  a really big effect on the  attraction ,  and  that of course made the festival much more enjoyable.
I again want to say that it was really nice to be at the festival. I believe that next year will be better if you consider my ideas.
 Yours   sincerely 
16.12.00
Dear Andrew,
I just received your letter and decided    to write back now   because of your questions which were about    rules. I'm really tired of the rules in school!
Actually not all the schools in Turkey are so strict but  unfortunately  the school that I'm going  to  is like a military camp. The uniform   we  wear  has to be perfect. No one is allowed to wear anything which isn't written in the school rules. The general rules which are used in all schools aren't so strict ,  however there are a few things that need to be changed. For example ,  if you don't come to school  for  10 days in a year ,   you  fail that year.
Thank God it isn't so strict at home. My family allows me almost  everything  except smoking and drinking  alcohol  of course, which I don't do anyway. I am allowed to stay up late, I'm allowed to bring my friends home and stuff like that. However there is one thing that my parents don't like me to do. They hate it when I  play  music loudly. I think they don't like the music I listen to.
This is all that I can tell you about my school and family. Rules are  everywhere  and you can't change them. So just don't think about them.
Your  best   pen  friend
16.12.2000  
Dear Ms Clark,
I am writing to you in connection with the advertisement in  the  newspaper. I would like to  explain  a couple of thoughts that I  had  after the festival that I have recently seen.
I believe that it was a great idea to organise such a  festival , connected with art and culture.  In particular  ,  the date was very suitable for me, as I have a lot of free time.
What is more ,  there was a wide  variety  of music .  Although the artists were supposed to be from all  countries , there were only six nationalities.
I hope that next year there will be  many  more possibilities to enjoy films or plays and that the halls will be bigger, as they were overcrowded. However I was really  surprised  that the  entrance  fee was so low. I  also have  one suggestion, if I may. Maybe next year the festival could     end  with  a   firework   display .
Thank you for your kind attention and I hope that my  advice   will   be  useful.
Yours sincerely
Dear Tom,
 I just got  your letter and sat  down  straight away to write  a few sentences to you  that will illustrate my opinion.
To begin with, I'd like to show you  what   my obligations are  at school. Although we have to change our  shoes , we don't need to wear special uniforms. Our clothes should be in    good taste. We are also allowed to have jewellery and    make-up,  which is  especially  important  for girls.
When it  comes  to my home, I think I have  the  usual duties :  I have to clean my room, wash the dishes or vacuum the carpets, but they're not exhausting things, as I share them with my sister and brother.  Furthermore  ,  my parents aren't demanding :  I have to be home  by 11 o'clock at the latest  and tell them where I  am going    .
In my opinion there's nothing  particular  that I'd like to change,  except  maybe only     having  to change my  shoes .
I hope that  this will   clarify  your questions and doubts. So, that will be everything    for now. I'm looking  forward  to hearing from you.
Yours
Jane Clark,
The  Organiser ,
I am  writing  to you to give  you  my opinion about your festival. It was great, but I think it could be even better next year.
First, it was an international festival, it was a great idea, but only six countries  participated . So, if you  could  have more than six countries, it  would  be great. This idea  relates to  the number of plays and films. If there are more stars and artists from around the world,  and there are more plays and films  it  would be  better.
My second  complaint  is about some  of   the  concert halls which  were  too small. It would be better if you  had  some  more  large halls   like your "Arena" hall.
To conclude, I was very happy to have a ticket for all events at  a   reasonable  price, because for someone who  does  not  especially like  art, it was very attractive.
 My   last  suggestion for next year's festival is to invite some "salsa"  bands  .  It would be great to listen and dance  (in*/at)  the same time  to  "salsa" music.
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Jimmie,
I was very happy to receive a letter from you. I am  writing  to you to answer    your question about school rules and what I am (and I am not) allowed to do at home.
Firstly ,  in    school it is not permitted to  smoke  in the  no-smoking  area or in the classroom. But   I think it is the same in England. Secondly, when you want  to ask the teacher a question , you must  put  your hand up   and speak when the teacher  asks  you.
In my home, the only things I am not allowed to do are things which  might   disturb  my  family . For example,  putting  the music  on  too  loud  when my  sister  is working. But there are also some  general  rules, like do not put  your   feet  on the table when we are eating or  do not  eat with  your  fingers.
There  is  not really anything that I  would  like to change, because, as you know, in France, there are not really strict rules like in China or other countries.  There are  just  rules of politeness . I hope I answered    your question.
 Love ,
25th November 2000
Dear Mr Clark,
I  saw  your advertisement in "the Sun" newspaper on 10th November, and I went to the festival    last Friday. Most of the events were wonderful and  well organised . I enjoyed it, but I think it could be even better next year, so I would like to give my  inmature   view  of it.
Firstly, the idea of holding this International Arts Festival is great.  It   allowed  people  to enjoy  their weekend,  relax    ,  and  also it brought  a  foreign culture to them,  broadening  their  knowledge . In addition to  this , one weekend ticket for all  the  events was only £10 . This  was excellent . It   meant  people only  spent   pocket-money , and then they could watch all the events at the  weekend  . For  them it is  a  really economical  way  to  spend  their weekend. So my friends told me that  this  was  their  cheapest weekend.
Moreover, the stars and artists were  from only  six countries .  In my opinion, if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries, it will make the festival more exciting, more  interesting , and  in my opinion , some  of the  concert halls were too small . The  people in there couldn't even go to the loo ,  because it was too  crowded . Finally, the plays and films were wonderfully  welcomed , as far as I'm concerned. If you can  have  more  plays  and films ,   it  will  have  a good effect.
 These  are only my  immature  views . If   it is considerable for you , I will be very pleased . Thank  you very much.
I'm  looking  forward to  receiving  your  reply .
yours sincerely,
16, Dec. 2000
Dear Yasmin,
 I  was really pleased to receive your letter yesterday . You  asked me about rules ,  both  (at*/in)  my home and at my school .  I am very happy to tell you about this.
At my school, we aren't allowed to smoke inside the building, because the building is made of wood . It   tends  to catch fire easily, and we aren't allowed to use  the  Internet . There  are only ten computers in the school . Only  teachers can use  them  . If  we used  them , we would be sent to the head office of the school.
At my home, there are many rules, because I'm careless, so I  am not  allowed to smoke at home  either : and I'm not allowed to use  the  telephone, because last year I  ran up   a  £1000 bill for one month . My  parents were very angry with  me , so they told me I am not to use  the  telephone any more . Oh ,  how   poor !
 What  is the weather like in England .  I hope it isn't too wet . Please  give my regards to your parents.
Lots of love,
16 December 2000
Dear Ms    Clark,
I am writing to express my profound gratitude for  the  excellent organisation of  the  annual international arts festival, where I spent two days. The idea of such a festival is really magnificent and I enjoyed various art exhibitions, talks by writers and dance shows.
However, the festival could be even better next year. Actually, there were stars and artists from six countries and it would be wonderful if you could invite artists from some others places as well for next year's festival.  Also , I was fascinated by the plays and films and you could probably organize some more. Unfortunately, I am afraid that some concert halls where jazz, rock and classical concerts were held were too small and perhaps you could arrange to use bigger ones.
As a matter of fact, I consider one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events to be brilliant as it offers a unique opportunity to pay for everything all together and be able to attend different events.
I believe your festival to be a great event in our cultural life and I am convinced that it is a success. I look forward to coming to the festival again.
Yours sincerely,
Wuthering Heights - Emily Brontë
 To start with  I would like to say that books offer us a wide range of different life stories, both realistic and unusual, they make us thoughtful and form our outlook,  and  they make us feel and think.
As far as I am concerned, I enjoy reading all kinds of fiction    as each masterpiece is unique in its own way  regardless of     what sort of book it is. Stories that are realistic help us to understand  our own life and the people around us better . However, reading an unusual, sometimes  fantastical  story we could dream about fairy lands and observe our world from another point of view. I consider "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Brontë to be one of the books that wash away from the soul the dust of  our   everyday  routine. It is a remarkable piece of literature, which portrays deep feelings of love and hate, depicts strong and unique characters,  and  reveals eternal concerns with good and bad, life and death. This book is both realistic and unusual and in my opinion this is the core of its originality. It contributes to the  world's   treasure house  of literature and arouses  an   irresistible  fascination.
 In conclusion , I'd like to mention that we should value realistic and  fantastical  stories equally if we are eager to get to understand the world and ourselves.
Dear Ms Jane Clark.
I am writing to you with regard to the International Art Festival that was held recently.
The festival was  excellent  in many ways, and  in particular  it being an international festival was a challenging, but brilliant idea. I assume that this fact attracted people very much. In addition to that, organising one weekend with special price tickets was particularly good. I personally think that it helped many people who were not able to afford the tickets  (with*/at)   the   normal  price to come to the festival. Moreover, most of the events I went to were fantastic.
However, I still have some comments to make to improve the festival next year. The festival was supposed to be an international one, but the artists and stars   who  participated in it were from six countries only. Thus, I recommend that stars and artists of various nationalities should be invited. Also, some of the concert halls where the musicians performed were not big enough for the vast number of  attendees . I think it would be much better to use bigger concert halls. Furthermore, I found that there were not many genres  (of*/in)   either the films or  the plays. So I suggest you have various kinds, and more    plays and films next year.
I hope that next year's festival will be much more successful  than  this year's one.
Yours sincerely,
The Old Man and the Sea
People all have different opinions about books. Some prefer realistic stories whereas others  prefer  unusual ones. But I prefer realistic stories such as Ernest Hemingway's "The Old Man and the Sea'.
Above all, realistic stories teach me something  (of*/about)     life, or at least influence me. As far as I'm concerned, my behaviour and attitudes towards a difficult situation began to change after reading this book. Here, the fishman is very old, but he is still challenging    everything he faces. When he caught a shark which was bigger than the ship, he never gave up  on  taking it back to his village, even when sharks were around him. Real stories have huge impacts on me, and affect me a lot, often in good ways.
In addition to that, realistic stories are more attractive, I personally don't want to hear stories about very peculiar incidents as I know they cannot be true. But, while reading realistic stories, I just fall deep into the story, into the writer's own world. Ernest Hemingway's sentences are precise, but still very powerful and alive. So when I read  about  other sharks eating the shark the old man had caught, I got very angry and annoyed. Realistic stories thus, develop our imagination and creativity, which are essential in our lives.
We all learn from reading books, but realistic stories have more influence on me and develop my personality. That's why I prefer realistic stories to unusual ones.
Dear Jane Clark,
I'm writing to you to give my opinion of that great festival you  organised     last 21 and 22 of November.
I want you to know  what   an  extraordinary  time  I  had  with my friends  (in*/at)  the festival. Your work was brilliant because you brought stars and artists from around the world  (with*/for)  only that  reasonably priced  ticket we  bought  for  the whole  weekend. The festival was very well  organised  with a lot of alternatives like concerts and dance shows.  In my opinion  the hall  (of*/for)  the rock  concerts  was too small . You have  to consider  booking  a  bigger  one for    next year because these  kinds  of events are  attended  by a lot of young people. In conclusion, I wanted to say thanks for such  a  special weekend.
Yours Sincerely,
Dear Miguel
Thanks for your letter. I got it a couple of days ago and I've been thinking about what you said. I'm going to tell you what I feel.
In my house rules practically don't exist because I  am  18 years old now so my  parents'  only wish is that I study  for  a  university degree  and be a good man. They only want to know where I am and when I go out  and  at what time I came home. At school  it  is  completely  different because the teachers don't  forgive  you  anything . You have to be quiet  and   attentive  in class if you  don't   want  to be punished. I'm happy because my parents allow me to do a lot of things. I wouldn't like to change anything because we all need some  discipline  to  do  the right things.
When  I've  time I will write  to  you again , 
Love,
Dear Jane C
I  recently spent two days at the International Arts Festival  and I am writing in order to give my opinions about it.
When I  found out   there  was going to be an international festival, I got really excited because I would finally have the opportunity to meet stars and artists from around the world, but I felt rather disappointed when I found out that was not at all true. Besides this, I think that some of the concert halls were too small  so  that I felt very uncomfortable. However, the  one reasonably priced  weekend ticket for all  the  events was marvellous because I was able to attend as many concerts as I wished without spending much money.
Although that Festival was not  well organized , I would like you to repeat it next year. I wish you could  show  more plays and films, and there should be more varied art exhibitions. But I  would really appreciate  it if you  took  into consideration the problem with the lack of space in the concert halls.
I hope you consider these    suggestions.
Yours sincerely
It is really nice to  hear  from you and I think we will learn so many interesting facts from each other.
Personally, I  cannot  imagine human life without rules, especially those that have to do with respecting other people. Moreover, I am in favour of rules at school because it is very important for children to learn how to cooperate with others.
As far as I can remember, I had to respect a lot of rules but the most important  ones were  concerning wearing    suitable clothes,  arriving   (in*/on)  time and  getting  on with every teacher and authority  figure . As a consequence, most  schoolmates  used to complain about those rules but all of us tried to put up with them.
At home it is the other way  round . Fortunately, rules are made by every member of the family so that no one complains about them. I must admit that I am able to do whatever I want, such as  invite  friends  over ,  watch  TV until midnight and so on. In fact, the only strong rule is to  help out  with  the   household chores  and  meals . That is all!
 I hope  you enjoy my experiences . 
Best wishes
Dear Jane Clark,
I had a wonderful time at the International Arts Festival. I think this festival is a great idea  in that it allows people  to enjoy arts from around the world, but I also have some complaints.
First of all, I  was  disappointed when I found that there were no artists from Indonesia. There were stars and artists from only six countries.
Secondly, the concert halls. The performances were great, but some halls were too small to  accommodate   all the  people  who   were there  that day. A crowded hall is not good  when it comes  to  enjoying   music .
Overall, however, the festival was definitely a great success. I liked  the  plays and films, and want to see more next year. The special tickets were excellent because we could enjoy  the  arts without worrying about money. So all you need to improve  things   are     larger concert halls. I also suggest that you should make it easier to find out where and what is  going on  using more  noticeboards .
I have no doubt that you will succeed  (in*/with)  next year's festival.
Sincerely Yours,
I would like to recommend the job  of     home  tutor . It is a job  where  you become a teacher and visit your student at his or her house.
The best advantage of this job is the  pay . It is very good considering how  little  time we spend on it. It's about 3,000 yen per hour in my district. It is also attractive that this job rarely affects our university studies. Students who want home  tutors  are usually primary school, junior high school, or senior high school students, and  that  means they take lessons after school, not in  the  daytime. So, in  the  daytime, we can focus  (in*/on)  our  studies .
It is not so easy for every student, though , because  teaching requires a lot of knowledge. You have to be much smarter than your student, and you also need to prepare for lessons,  because  it is your responsibility to provide your student  with the  right information.
As you see, teaching is    hard work in some  respects . But I am enjoying it and getting a lot out of it.
Dear Jane,
I am writing to you to give you some advice about the International Arts  Festival . I think it is a great idea to organise this sort of festival because most    people enjoy it.
Firstly, concerning  the  stars and artists, they came from only six countries. For  music  like jazz and rock ,  it was excellent but for classical concerts we had a problem  because  some concert halls were too small. If you have any ideas about <NS type="M"></NS> bigger halls, it  would be  better.
Secondly, about  the  plays and films ,  it  would be  good if you  had  more because the children like  them . The dance shows  were   absolutely  wonderful ,  like art exhibitions. Do not change     the  talks by writers, because it is a good idea if people can talk about their  own  books.
Finally,  concerning  the price  (for*/of)  the weekend tickets, I think it is excellent because people are less  stressed ,  because  they can visit  for   longer . It  would be  better   if we  could   hold  this festival at the end of summer. I hope  I   have given  you enough information.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
It began when my  parents   and  I were going to the South of France for  our  holidays. We  went      by  car. When we were near Geneva, my father ,  who was driving the car,  was flashed  by a radar and the police stopped him. After that,  as   he had been driving for a long time ,    we decided to stop  (to*/at)   a   service  area. We  went  to the toilet and ate something  (to*/in)  the snack bar. Suddenly, my father realised he  had forgotten  to  lock  the car. He ran but it was too late, somebody had stolen the  luggage . We called the police but they said  to  us  that  if  we  didn't  lock   our  car  they   couldn't   do   anything .
It was  already  the  worst  holiday in my life but we continued. When we arrived at the flat, it was eleven o'clock. The agency was closed and we hadn't  got  the key.
We went to  a  hotel, it was expensive and uncomfortable. Finally, <NS type="M"></NS>    life in France  is   crazy , this is the tradition. This story happened a long time ago.
Dear Ms Clark,
I think  the  International Arts Festival is a great idea. I spent two nice days watching its events. I was there with my boyfriend. We have similar interests but we have different opinions. For me -  the   dance  shows were  absolutely  wonderful. I like dancing and I like watching  dance  shows.  The   dancers   wore  nice clothes,  and  the music was very good. Unfortunately there were no Spanish dancers. I  prefer  them to others. Maybe next year? You should invite artists from more countries. We also listened to the concerts but in our opinion the concert halls were too small. During the jazz and rock concerts the audience wants to play and dance so  they   need  more room. I like listening to    classical music in the big halls, too. My boyfriend was  excited  about the art exhibitions and listening to the writers. He was happy because he was able to talk to them in person. We had no time to watch all  the  plays and films. We chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably  priced  ticket for all  the   events  because we could change our  plans  during the  event .
I suggest  organizing   the  next IAF in the summer.
We are both students so we have our holiday from July to September. We have more free time in the summer.  We would  attend  the  IAF any time, as well.
Thank you for an unusual event . 
Yours sincerely
Dear Monte,
I'd like to write about rules in Poland. They're horrible. There are many things we aren't allowed to do at school.  First of all  - we have to be  (at*/on)  time. Our lessons start at 8  am  and we aren't allowed to be late. We have to change our shoes. Fortunately we don't have to wear    school uniforms. We can wear what we want. Most     students  wear jeans and  a   sweater . We have to be quiet during    lessons and our lessons are boring because of it. Our  school bags  are very heavy because we have to carry our books, notebooks, atlases and dictionaries all day.  This  is what I'd like to change. I'd like to leave my books at school. At home we have to do our homework. There's always much to do so we have no free time at all. Our parents want us to be clever. When we  get  good marks at school they let us  go  out (to the disco or cinema, but only on Saturdays and we have to be back by ten). On Sundays we have to go to bed early because on Monday our school starts at 8 in the morning. We sometimes help in the house but it isn't  compulsory . We aren't allowed to smoke  or  drink any alcohol.
We aren't allowed to argue with our parents and teachers .   This  is also horrible. We  mustn't  talk to them but  must  only listen to them. I'd like to change  that .  Student  life is hard but sometimes funny.
Love
Dear Jane Clark,
The reason I am writing this letter is to congratulate you  (for*/on)  the International Arts Festival. I think the festival was fine but in my opinion there  should  be some improvements to make this festival better.
Firstly, there were stars and artists  from only  six countries. This number  should  be increased to attract more and different people. Also some  concert   halls  were too small for this  many  people. In contrast with the halls, the concerts were great and I saw everybody enjoyed then. I must admit that you  were  very successful  (about*/at)  finding good stars.
 there were not very many films and plays . As a result of this  there were not enough kinds of films . In order to attract more people with different interests, the films and plays should be increased. I have nothing to say  (with*/about)  the dance show, art exhibitions and talks by writers. They were excellent and they attracted  all   kinds  of people.
Another  point  is the tickets. The weekend ticket is excellent because it is not  very  expensive and it allows  you  to see everything. But I was disappointed that there  was  no competition between the films  shown  .  I think there should be an Oscar-like competition in order to make people more ambitious to make better films.
Dear Elinor,
 I was  so glad to receive your  last  letter because  I'd started  to think that you were angry  (about*/with)  me for not writing for a long time. I promise I'll write more . 
The school rules are horrible here. We are restricted  in   doing  nearly everything. The school is like a  dungeon  here. I don't  want  to be so  evil  about school but    rules are rules and they are limiting us  within  the borders of our school.
We must wear    uniform-like clothes all    day and  all  week .  They don't even let us  wear  different sweaters ,  etc other than dark blue. It is boring. We are not allowed to compare our thoughts during the lessons  because  the teachers think that we are chatting. How poor their  imaginations  are!!
However we are free at home. You  can  do anything you like as long as you have good grades. If you don't, you hear the same word every day, "Study, Study, Study"! Nobody likes to study but we have to.
You can't imagine how happy I am and I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
Love,
Dear Jane Clark,
I am writing about the International Arts Festival which has just finished.
I  congratulate     you because it  was  a great idea  and  the town needed a cultural event. I especially  appreciated  the weekend tickets which almost everybody could afford,  even  students like me.
However, I think that some concert halls were too small for the musical performances. You probably did not expect such a big audience! Being very fond of films, I would have  appreciated  seeing more of them. For next year's  festival , you could possibly add some foreign films, like    Chinese ones, which I  like most .
Finally, in order to make  it  a really international festival, I think you should invite artists from all over the world, not just from six countries like this year.
I hope that you will appreciate my opinions and suggestions, which I have shared with my friends.
Yours sincerely,
Simply a good idea and that's enough
Are you young and full of life but    don't have enough money to enjoy your spare time? Simply let your brain work and you could  come up with  wonderful ideas to earn money enjoying yourself.
Are you fed up  (of*/with)  looking after the screaming baby of your mother's friend? You could move from children to pets and become a dog-sitter, spending your afternoons walking round the park and chatting with a friend.
Are you keen on music and    love going to  discos ? With a short training <NS type="MN"></NS> you'll be able to mix songs at parties. You won't dance but the  earnings   are   guaranteed !
Do you like do-it-yourself and  is your house  full of marvellous but  useless  things? You could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room!
So, what are  you  waiting for? Work out your own idea and  put it into practice : money won't be a problem for you anymore!
Dear Jane Clark
I went  to  the international arts festival which you organized. Most of the events were good, but I felt that the festival could be even better next year. So, may I give you my suggestions and opinions?
I think the International Arts Festival is a great idea! But the stars and artists who are from around the world were from only six countries. You had better invite more  nationalities    .
And some concert halls were too small, so you had better have larger concert halls and also you had better have more plays and films    next year than this  year .
I think the idea of one  reasonably-priced  weekend ticket for all events is excellent , because  it  is  not complex,  also we don't confuse .
If you can improve these points, your festival  will  be better than this year's.
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Johnny
Thank you for your letter.
Anyway, you want to know about rules at home and school in my country, don't you?
My school's rules aren't strict. We are allowed  to do   a lot of  things. For example, we can wear any clothes and shoes  -  whatever we want. And it doesn't matter if we enter the classroom  (in*/at)  any time  we want . Of course we can go out  of  the classroom  (in*/at)  any time.
But some schools in my country don't allow  a lot of  things. One of the rules  (of*/at)  my friend's school is  you are not allowed  to drink  or  eat  anything  during a class. And the students have to wear    uniforms, so they can't  choose  their clothes.
Also, there is one strict rule at my home. It is that I have to come back  to  my house  (until*/by)  11 o'clock at night. I think it's a stupid rule!
I really want to change this rule.
Many of my friends have this rule.
How about in your country?
Love
Dear Ms Clark,
I  recently spent  two days at your annual international arts festival. It was the first time I  have been  and I was very pleased to go.  Actually, I  wasn't disappointed. However I would like to give my opinion about the festival.
First of all, I congratulate you on  organising  this kind of event. It was such a  great  success that some people weren't able to  get  tickets! You should increase the number of places you  offer .  Therefore , you could invite artists from around the world  and  not only from six countries: it would be more pleasant.
Although I am keen on classical music, I found some  concert   halls  too small. I was wondering if you could improve that? Also, there were  some  interesting films but not enough. Perhaps   you could possibly  meet  some producers   who come from  other  countries in order to show different cultures.
 Besides , to  buy  one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we could see all that we wanted without paying each time.
Finally ,  I suggest  inviting  important scientists like Hubert Reeves or Aaroun Tazief so as to inform the public about    new technologies or sciences because  they  also  are  a kind of art!
I look forward to  attending  the next festival!
Yours sincerely,
Dear Laurel,
Thank you for your recent letter. I couldn't write sooner because I was very busy last week.
I see you are interested in hearing about school rules in France and also about what I am allowed  to do  or not to do at home.
To begin with the  school  rules ,  we have in fact some important ones. Firstly, when you arrive late  (at*/for)  your lesson, you have to apologize    to your teacher. Also ,  when you have forgotten to do your  homework . What's more, you had better  do   it   or  you  will have  to go to the blackboard!
Although our library is very large, we mustn't make  a  noise in order not to disturb the students   who  are working . It may be like that in your library,        is  it?
I consider the school rules are good: we should respect the teachers and people who need to work.
At home, I have to look after my two little brothers when my  parents  are here. If I don't  do  the cooking, I will have to do the washing up. I am sometimes allowed to watch the television when I have finished my  homework .
Fortunately ,  I can play  the  violin when I want ,  even if I haven't done my homework. It is what I like most.
I don't really want to change that, I think it is  fair  like this. I hope this answer satisfies you.
I look forward to receiving your next letter!
Best wishes
16.12.2000
Dear Jane Clark,
I went to the "International Arts Festival" on 21-22 November. The festival was generally good but I have some suggestions for    next year's festival.
Firstly I want to  congratulate  you  (for*/on)  the festival. It was a great idea. However there were things that I didn't like. You said that stars and artists would come from around the world but there  were  only  stars  from six major countries. I suggest you  increase  this number for    next year.  (By*/In)  this way we can meet other stars and artists, see different cultures. Another thing that I  want to  point  out  is, the concert halls are too small. Some people couldn't  get into  the hall and they missed the concerts. There were some plays and films. They were excellent so can you show more plays next year?  The   last  thing that I will say is "one reasonably-priced weekend ticket"      was  a  very good idea. I hope you will  do  the same thing next year.
These are    my suggestions. I hope you will listen  to  my suggestions. This will make the festival better. I hope we will meet next year  (in*/at)  the festival.
 Yours   sincerely 
16.12.2000
Dear Emily,
 I was  glad to see your letter. I'm fine thanks and my parents are also  well . How are you and your  parents ?  I  hope they are both well.
I have a  surprise  for you. I  am coming  to  England  this summer.  Maybe  we can meet there... You asked some questions about  the  rules in school and homes .  Let me answer  these   questions . In schools we aren't allowed to speak in  class . Also we must go to school  (by*/in)  our uniforms. However we are allowed to eat    and  drink during the breaks.  We must be kind to our friends and teachers all the time . We mustn't forget the books for the classes. These are the rules in school. In our home there are some rules too! I must be  (in*/at)  home  ( until */by)  11pm. I am not allowed to listen  to   loud  music at home. I must be kind to my brother and my parents. When    guests come to our home, I must be  clean . Other things are allowed to me. I want to change  the  school uniform rule so everybody can wear what they want.  The   other  rules are O.K. I want to hear some rules from you. Next time write the letter  quickly ! I don't want to wait another 2 months.
I'm waiting for your next letter. Take care and be careful not to break any rules.
Your friend
Dear Ms Clark,
I saw the advertisement for the International Arts Festival  which  is a great idea.
I'm writing to you because I want to give you my opinion and some suggestions for next year's festival.    I saw  (on*/in)  the advertisement   there  would be  stars and artists from around the world but this year there were only six countries  represented . It would be better if there were more than six countries.
I noticed that some concert halls were too small. I wonder if you could  organise   outdoor  concerts.
Furthermore, I think there were too few plays and films. Don't you think you could  provide   drama  courses? Visitors could  learn  plays with professionals.
Finally, the idea of a reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we pay only once and we can see all the events.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear George,
Thank you for your letter which I've just received.
You ask me to tell you about school rules and what we are allowed to do at home in France. I don't think the rules are so different between England and France but I'm going to try to give you examples.
Firstly, at school,  if  we missed a  class , we must bring a  doctor's note .
Furthermore, when we  fail  an exam in June, we can  take  it in September. And if we are interested, we can spend six months abroad but we must pass the FCE.
At home, we must wash our hands before    lunch. And we mustn't speak during    lunch. I think it's not a good thing because we can't discuss <NS type="MN"></NS> with our family. There are so many rules but it would  take  too long if I had to explain all of them.
 I 'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Best regards,
2  December  ,  2000
Dear Mrs Clark:
I am writing to suggest a few things that could be changed or added  (in*/to)  next year's International Arts Festival,  which  in my opinion has been a great idea   .
Although I  read  that  stars  and  artists  came  from  around the world, I  realised  that they only came from    six countries.
I  had  a good time  (in*/at)  the jazz, rock and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some concert halls were too small. I think that if you want to enjoy music you must be comfortable. All my family liked the films and the plays that there were very much, but I  personally  think that  it  would be better to add more because there were only five plays and seven films.
The rest of the activities were very interesting for us, we learnt a lot of things and we met a lot of interesting people, and all of this without being expensive .  I think that  the  ticket was  excellent  for us because of its price.
I look forward to hearing  from  you as soon as possible.
Yours  sincerely 
2  December  ,  2000
Dear Andy:
I'm sorry I haven't written for so long, but I have been very busy with my exams. It's good to hear that you have passed all of  yours .
In your letter you  asked  me something about rules. I imagine that you want my opinion  (for*/on)  your homework  , don't  you?
You know that I'm  studying  in a  difficult  school, and as you can imagine you have to work hard and you have to do homework  every day . The other day I arrived five minutes late and the teacher ordered me to go home.   Do you understand this? She might be crazy . 
I have friends that are  studying  in other schools and they are very happy with their freedom. At home it's very different :  as you know I have    very good parents that let me do a lot of things.  They  let me go out with my friends every day, but they make me do homework and I hate  that !!
I hope  this     is what you wanted from me. I'm looking forward to seeing you soon.
Yours
Dear Jean Clark,
I recently spent two days at your Annual International Arts Festival and I am writing to express my opinion about it.
Firstly, I think the International Arts Festival is a wonderful idea because I have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events. But it is also true I could just see stars and artists on stage from only six countries, not stars from around the world as you  said  in your advertisement.
Secondly ,  I really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them     took  place in too small concert halls. Thirdly, all the plays and films  shown  were interesting .  In my opinion you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year. Finally, I think it was a good idea     buying  only one ticket for all the events since I    spent the time watching and enjoying all of them.
I look forward  to  hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Dear George,
Sorry it's been too long since I last wrote but I've been so busy at school that I couldn't answer you before.
As you  told  me in your last letter ,  you were talking about rules in your class and you  wanted  to know about school rules in my country and also what I am allowed to do at home. First ,  I must tell you that  the  teachers are strict at school. We aren't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this we must sit down  (in*/at)  individual desks. We can't chat with our classmates. How boring! At home everything is quite good,  because  mum and dad are great but there's one main rule :  I must tell them  where  I  am going  and what time I'll come back. Granny is the problem  because  she's a bit bossy! She usually tells me what to do and what  kinds  of clothes I should wear but I don't  take any notice of her .
I really must get down to some homework now so I'll stop here. Give my love to your parents.
Write to me soon
Dear Jane Clark,
I'm  writing  to you because  I went   (in*/to)  the International Arts Festival and it was a pleasure. Let me introduce myself: I'm Mary, I'm nineteen and I'm studying arts.  Also , I want you to know my opinion and I'd like to give you my suggestions, because it would be useful  (to*/for)  you for the next festival.
Firstly, I want to congratulate you  (for*/on)  the idea .  I think that  the development of the arts is very important  and that everybody could  attend  without paying too much. Having  one  ticket for all the events is a great method because it's  an organised  way of paying and you  save  time.
On the other hand, I must tell you that some concert halls are too small, so you can't be  comfortable enough  to  appreciate  the event.  Another  thing   is that the artists come only from six countries, so don't  deceive     people by saying that they are from all  over  the world.
In my opinion, you should  invite  more  artists  from other countries and have some  bigger concert halls  or  maybe  change the distribution.
Well, I think that  I have told you everything  but could you tell me, if    possible, if there will be more plays and films next year?
I'm waiting for your answer.
 Yours   Sincerely ,
Dear Jane,
Thanks for your letter :  it was nice to hear from you again. I've recently started    classes so all the rules were given to us,  as  you know,  on  the first day. As you  wanted  me to tell you  what the rules are like here , I'll start.
Firstly, in our classroom you can't shout, you must be  quiet  and  sit   down . You must  always pay attention  because you don't know if the teacher will ask you some question. In exams, you can't talk to the teacher,  and  you mustn't eat  chewing gum  or take a  Walkman  with you. In my home I can avoid  those  rules. My mum  just  doesn't want me to arrive late. However, I can go dancing whenever I want but  I must   tell  her  beforehand . My mum is a lovely woman and she doesn't know how much I love her because most of the day I'm outside, but that's the  truth . My father is a bit jealous but agrees with what my mum says.
So, I'm free when I'm out of    school.  I'd like it would be nicer going there .
Lots of love,
Dear   Jane Clark
I  went   to  your annual international art festival. Most of the events I went to were good, but I feel that the festival could be even better next year. So, I  am writing to you with some of my opinions and suggestions . I hope  it   might  help  (for*/with)  next year's festival.
The idea of  an  "International Art Festival" was great. But I feel the word    "International" was not really  suitable ; because you    only  had  six  countries'  stars and artists   . I think you should invite more than ten countries. The other problem was  choosing space  , as  the hall of  the  classical concert was too small and crowded. Next year, you should  calculate  or  examine  how many people  will come  before you choose a hall,  which I feel very good was plays and films. It can show more for next year's festival. The Dance Shows as well . And the offer of  a  " weekend  ticket" was an excellent idea , because   the price was cheaper than  buying  it  separately  and more  convenient  .
 Looking  forward  (for*/to)  next year's festival.
Yours  Sincerely ,
One day, a little  girl  called Sara   was walking over a bridge. Suddenly, she  heard  a  man's  voice  calling  her :  "Sara...Sara.. look down to the river." Then Sara looked  into  the river. She was very scared , because  she saw a golden fish  who  was smiling at her and talking to her. After a few  seconds , Sara felt that  the  golden fish was lovely. She  had never seen  any fish  that  had that wonderful colour and  could  talk with her. Because Sara  didn't have  any  brothers  and  sisters , and her  Mom  and Dad  needed   to work   every day ,    she was very lonely.
Therefore, she came  to the  river  every day  and  talked   about  everything  (to*/with)  the golden fish. They were very close  friends . After half  a  year,  the  golden fish suddenly  disappeared . Sara was very sad. She sat and  cried   (on*/by)  the river. Then somebody called her name :  "Sara... Sara.. .  look at me.. .  I'm  standing  on your  left-hand  side. "  Sara remembered the    golden fish.  It   had suddenly become     human, a little boy. After a few  days  they got married.  They had a wonderful life together .
This story happened a long time ago.
Dear Ms. Jane Clark,
I am writing to give my opinion about the International Arts Festival which was held  on  21st and 22nd November.
I went to the rock concert by U2 and  to see  the Chinese film "Chung King Express". Both of them were not only really enjoyable, but also  reasonably priced . However, I feel that it would be even better if there were some improvement.
First of all, it would be  better  if there were more famous people  of  various nationalities , because  most of them were from  English-speaking   countries  this year. In addition, larger halls should be provided for concerts since a lot of people could not get tickets for those by big stars. Moreover, personally, I hope that the number of plays and films will increase. I think they are the  nearest  'arts' in real life.
I would be glad if you  considered  my suggestions.
Yours sincerely,
Money - hasn't it always been one of the most important  problems  for students? Of course, you can't afford a  luxury  car and a large apartment unless  you're born with a silver spoon in your mouth . However, there are some good ways for you to earn enough money to enjoy yourself.
How about working as a waiter or waitress? Not only  is it  a simple job, but also you can enjoy working with  a lot of   colleagues     your age. It would be great  fun  to make friends outside your class or club.
If you say that the wage is far from  satisfactory , why don't you teach younger students as a private teacher. It's also  a  really popular job among university students because of the good  salary . If you are interested in teaching and responsible enough, you'll probably become an excellent teacher.
Stop complaining about  a  lack of money and let's start working to  have  a new world. You'll find that your life is becoming more and more enjoyable!
Dear Miss Clark,
I have recently taken part in your International Arts Festival. I  enjoyed  it and here are some  feelings  and advice for next year.
First of all, it was a great idea to put together different countries to organise this  festival . However, there were only artists from six countries, not <NS type="MQ"></NS> as written in your  advertisement .
   I had  the  pleasure  of  listening to your variety of concerts. Each one was fantastic  and fill in with euration , but I'd appreciate more  space , because unfortunately some concert halls were too small!
You certainly saw that  the  plays and films had a lot of success. So, I wanted to know if there will be more films next year. It could be an  advantage !
 Another  excellent thing was your choice for the  entry . That was a great idea to have just one ticket for all events. That was simpler than  the  other way of selling tickets (practical and  attractive ).
Finally, I want    to make a suggestion for next year. It would be better if people  had  the  chance  to  park  their cars very near to the  festival  during the  weekend !
I am sure you'll pay attention to my suggestions and advice and I am looking forward to seeing you next year.
Yours sincerely,
Mark and his family decided to go for a walk in the Alps. So,  his  father prepared the car and  his  mother took some food for the journey.
 It  was a Sunday and, as always, Mark was very excited. He was very keen on going  (in*/to)  the mountains.
Suddenly, the father stopped and said: "Here we are!" They were near a little house   built  (in*/of)  wood and began walking. The sun was shining and Mark was really happy to be outside with his family.
They ate with the owner of the little house, whose name was John. It was very quiet because they were in  the   countryside ; they could just hear  the  cows and John's two dogs.
Mark was very interested in building small things with John. He was able to make different objects  out of  wood.
After that,  Mark's  father ,  who  spoke  fluent traditional Swiss language ,  spent time with an old woman he had just met near the house.
After eating old cheese and Swiss chocolate,  it  was high time Mark's family went back home.
Mark was  so  happy but very exhausted to  recognize  this story . Nevertheless  this story happened a long time ago.
Ideas to  Improve  the Festival
Dear Jane Clark,
I went to the International Arts Festival and saw some interesting things, but many points could be better. That is why  I'm writing  to you, to give you some suggestions that you can take into consideration or not.
Firstly, it is a good idea that the Festival is  international . But in the advertisement it was  said  that the artists were from all  over  the world  but  I saw only six nationalities.
Secondly, the classical concerts were excellent  but  the halls were so crowded that nobody could walk. In my opinion, it would be important to rent bigger halls next year.
Thirdly, I noticed that the plays and the films were    good entertainment.  They  attracted a lot of people and they were really  joyous  after that.
Finally, the  reasonable  price of the tickets for the weekend was a good point, because all  kinds  of people  can  afford to buy  them . I also think that you should  have  a  snack bar  or a little restaurant so  that  the people are not too  hungry  and  moreover  you can  make a lot of profit  . 
In conclusion,  (in*/on)  the whole the Festival was a success, but these suggestions can maybe help you to improve  it .
I hope you will not take this letter as a complaint and I look forward to going to the next festival.
Yours sincerely
Home and school rules
Dear Andrew,
I  have received  your letter and thank you for it. I am very happy to  hear  from you and I hope that you are  well .  As expected , I want to talk  first  about my school and then about my home.
As you know, I finished school two years ago. This year, I started a private school in Dijon. So the rules are clear, you need to participate  (to*/in)  the lessons and also  pass  the exam  (of*/in)  June 2000. In our class, we don't have  a  problem with students who dislike  working , because we are all there for the same reasons and nobody wants to  stay  there  for  years and years. It is also expensive and I can't afford to stay there too long.
In my  sweet  home, my parents let me do what I want, because I am an adult now. But when we are  out , we have to be careful not to disturb the other  people . It is the same in our family . For  example ,  my parents dislike hearing music  throughout  the whole house  or that I let dust everywhere . When I go out, they don't give me  a time  to be    home, because  I'm sensible .
In conclusion, I don't want to change  anything  in my house or at school, because I  totally  agree with the few rules that I have.
I hope these few  pieces of  information can help you and I look forward to hearing from you . 
Best wishes
Dear  Ms     Clark,
My name is Rosa Santor. I'm 24 and I'm  a  student from Poland. I study architecture at the  Polytechnic  in Krakow. I'm very interested in art,  especially  in paintings and  going  to galleries.
I'm  writing  you a letter, because you are the organiser of an International Arts Festival.
I recently spent two days at this festival. Most of the events I went to were good, but I feel that  the  festival could be even better next year.
It's very good that you organised an International Arts Festival in our country, but in my opinion ,  if this is an international festival, it  should   have  more stars and artists from around the world, not from only six countries, like    this year.
It was  a  great idea     to do  something like that. There were jazz, rock and classical concerts, but some  concert halls  were too small for all  the  people   who  attended  that festival. There were also plays and films, dance shows, which I liked the most, art exhibitions and talks by writers, but it would be good to see more plays and films next year. Also  it   was a great idea     to have  one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events.
I think, as a person   who  attended this festival , that  it   was  excellent, because we  could  spend a lot of time with art. There is only one bad  thing , that this festival was too short. In my opinion ,  next year it should take place  over   more  than two days.
I'm not  expecting  to
 receive   a  letter from you, because I know   that you are busy, but please look at my suggestion for next year's festival.
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Kathleen,
I've  just received  this letter  (for*/from)  you, so I'm  writing   to  you. I hope that you feel good, because I haven't seen you for two years.
You wrote that in your class, you've been talking about rules, both at home and at school. So now, I would like  to tell you  something about  the  school rules in my country and also what I am allowed to do at home.
As you know ,  I'm not a secondary  school  student, I'm now a student of architecture in Krakow. I have lessons from Monday till Friday. On  Saturday  and Sunday we don't have lessons, but it doesn't seem that we don't have work. We are allowed to prepare for the next week's lessons. At my school there  is  a lot of  drawing     and   painting  ,  and some other subjects  done  by  hand . We also learn how to design    interiors and buildings. It's very interesting. We usually have lessons  (at*/in)  the morning, till  the  afternoon. We don't have tests during the whole student year, only at the end of the class. There are also some exams. After a few months we go somewhere with all  the  class, for example  near   a  lake, and there we  paint     nature.
I don't have  trouble  with my education . My  friends and teachers are nice and friendly, but there is one thing I'd like to change in my school. I'd like to have more tests during the whole  course , not only at the end, because  it's making me  very  lazy .
I'm looking forward to  receiving   another  letter from you. I think   that you  won't  forget, &amp; will write  to  me soon.
See you soon, your best friend
Dear J. Clark,
I'm writing in response to your advertisement about the annual international arts festival. I really think it was a great idea to organize such a festival in our city as there are lots of people fond of art over here. I'm sure they are all very grateful to you now.
I've already been to the festival and I think it's really important to let people see artists from all over the world. It would be wonderful if there were stars from more than six countries next year, the festival would be even more interesting then.
I also think the places you have chosen for the classical concerts were not good sometimes, some of the halls seemed to be too small. But your idea about the weekend ticket is just excellent, people from the whole country get the opportunity to visit your festival and see all the events you are offering.
I've got just one more suggestion for next year's festival. You could probably show a  few  more films and interviews with the most interesting artists. I'm sure it would attract lots of young people.
Well, thank you very much for this festival, my friends and I have enjoyed it a lot.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Dave,
Thank you so much for your lovely letter, it's always great to get something from you.  How  are things going over there? It's quite difficult to talk  about  our school rules actually, but I'll try to help you somehow. Hope it will be interesting for you.  By  the way, are you allowed to smoke in the school? Our  teachers  don't let us smoke ,  of course, but you can always see some students smoking outside, so it's not that strict to be honest. We're not allowed to drink alcohol as well and quarrel with any of the  teachers .
As for our rules at home, it's always different and  just depends  on your family.
My parents are not very strict ,  as you know ,  and I appreciate them for giving me freedom. They understand that I can make my own decisions, but I know they will never leave me and they will help me and my brother  any  time we need it. I think the only rule in my house is to care  about  each other.
I hope to hear from you soon
Ireland, 16 December 2000
Dear Mrs Clark,
I am writing to you about the International Arts Festival which took place  on the  21 and 22 November. I think it is a great idea to have this kind of festival in our region and I really enjoyed most of the events I went to. However, I feel that it could be even better next year.
Firstly, according to your advertisement, the 'Stars and artists from around the world' came from only six countries. I felt quite disappointed as everybody knows that "our" world is full of different cultures. Maybe not enough were represented.
In spite of the fact that the classical concerts were really good, I think that some concert halls were too small and so not everybody could appreciate the  excellent  quality of the music.
I really enjoyed the plays and films .  I wonder if there  will  be more next year? I hope so!
Finally, I would like to tell you that the idea of one  reasonably priced  ticket for the weekend is excellent . We  can go where we want to, see what we feel like  seeing . However, I think  the  weekend is really too short. May I suggest you  think  about doing the festival over  a  week.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Magda,
Thanks very much for your letter. As you asked me in it, here are some  of the  school and home rules in my country, France.
First of all, and I think it's  very different in  England, children don't wear uniforms at school. I was very surprised when I saw them in your country. It was a bit funny for me.
Of course when you're in class you have to behave yourself  and  be polite with the teacher and the other  schoolchildren . During the break   , usually some teachers stay out and keep an eye on you. I think nowadays, children are more free and  heard  .  I mean  as regards  the contact between them and adults. Usually they know what they're allowed to do or not and if they don't respect it, the teacher not only punishes them ( though  not always) but also speaks with them.
At home  it  is different . Each  family has its own rules.  As far as I am concerned , when I was a child, I was not allowed to stay  up  very late with my parents and sometimes I wanted to because I was not tired. But I was a  clever  child . So  , usually , at home, like at school, you have to behave yourself but differently, because you're at home so you feel more confident. There are some rules ,  like "don't speak with a full mouth"; "don't put your finger in your  nose "; "say please and thank you"; "don't fight with your brother"; and so on, but I think it's the same everywhere.
Well, I hope I've helped you a little and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
With lots of love,
Dear Ms Clark,
I am writing to thank you for organising the International Arts Festival, in which I participated this year, and to give you my opinion about it.
I think that organising this event was a great idea. I was very pleased when I read your advertisement for the festival. One reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events was also an excellent idea. It encouraged me to take part in the festival.
Despite all this I would like to complain about some  details .
First of all ,  stars were supposed to come from all around the world. Apparently there were artists from only six countries.
All the concerts were great, but some concert halls were too small. There was a terrible lack of room and fresh air inside them.
I would also like to suggest  that  you  try  and make more plays and films available next year.
I trust you will give this matter your  careful  attention. I look forward to visiting  the  International Arts Festival next year.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Mary,
Thanks for your letter. I'm sorry for not having written earlier, but I've had an exhausting exam session at school.
It was very interesting to hear about  the  rules in England. The rules in Poland are quite similar to those  described  in your letter.
We are not allowed to talk during     lessons  and we have to do our homework every day. Usually we don't have to wear school  uniform , but there are schools   in which there is such obligation. In most of the schools students have to change their shoes in order not to make the floor dirty. If I could change anything, I would probably  reduce  the amount of homework. It's hard to find any spare time sometimes!
What about  house  rules? Well, we both know that parents are the ones who rule at home. All the things we're not allowed to do depend on them. Anyway, I must finish now. Has your dog  recovered now ? I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Lots of love,
16th, Dec. 2000
Dear Mr. Clark,
I'm writing this letter to complain and to suggest something about your "International Arts Festival". I visited the festival for 2 days. I also read an advertisement in "The Times". I thought it would be interesting and exciting. When I visited the festival, of course, it was really good.
I was impressed  (of*/with)  the idea of the festival. I could enjoy different  cultures  and also I could expand my knowledge. Moreover, the weekend ticket was fantastic because I spent two days  at  the festival - Saturday and Sunday. The ticket price was not too expensive for  a  student too.
However, you said "Stars and artists from around the world" in the advertisement. But there were only six countries' candidates. It was exaggerated. Besides, some concert halls were too small. Jazz and classical  concert  halls were especially small. It caused a long queue and I had to waste my time. Except  for  these two things, it was quite good.
I'd like to suggest this -  concerning  plays and films. Plays and films    were good,  there weren't enough . In addition, most of the people in the festival liked that. In my opinion, you have to run more plays and films in next year's festival.
I'm looking forward to hearing your answer.
Yours sincerely,
I'd like to tell you about my experiences. Before that ,  you have to think  about  why you need to earn money and how you do that. It is really important because making money needs a proper purpose.
Firstly, I did newspaper delivery. I could make a bit of money, of course, it was far  more  than pocket money. Nevertheless, I lost my  concentration   (to*/on)   my   studies  and I spent the money  (to*/on)  entertainment. I earned easily and I couldn't control myself at that time. I was only 12 years old.
Secondly, I made  a  brochure for a company when I was in high school. I was studying  computers  at that time. Also I was leader of the  computer-user  circle in the school so I needed some money for managing the circle. For this reason, I took this kind of part-time job in the company. Despite the fact that it was  a  part-time job, I worked very hard because I liked computer  work . I could earn money,  and   I also  got a career.
Finally, I worked for a factory during the last winter holiday. It was also  hard , but I think that was  an  easy way to make money. I forgot many skills and knowledge during the time. So  the   loss  was bigger than  the  profit.
In conclusion, if you want to earn a bit of money, then you have to choose  a  proper part-time job. Because you will get some money as well as some career and knowledge. You must consider the purpose too. If you haven't  a  purpose, you  will  waste money easily and quickly.
Dear Miss Clark,
I went to your annual international arts festival. I really enjoyed it, although I feel it could have been better. But firstly ,  I want to congratulate you  (for*/on)  organizing such a huge festival, people need this kind of  event . Secondly ,  I would like to make some remarks about your festival so that you can improve it. As it  said   so  in your advertisement, artists should have come from around the world but only six countries were represented .  I was quite disappointed. However the concerts were great, but unfortunately, some concert halls were too small and it was as hot as  an oven  inside.
 The plays  and  films  were good and I liked them, but there were only a few, I hope there will be many more next year.
One of the most positive  aspects  of your festival is the price of your weekend ticket. As a student, the low priced ticket certainly  attracted  me a lot and gave me the opportunity to see and hear wonderful artists.
Finally, I would like to make one  big  suggestion: you should find a place for a  campsite  so that people who come    a long way don't have to spend money on  accommodation . Anyway, I'm looking forward to coming to your festival next year.
Yours sincerely,
Money, Money, Money
Young people always need money,  especially  students who don't earn their  living . They need money to pay  for  their studies or for going out, but how to find a job which is good and not  underpaid ?
One of the best is working in a big supermarket. Some can find it boring but it is well-paid and not too tiring. Furthermore ,   department  stores are always looking for students who would like to work.
Another solution could be working as a barman, the problem is that you go to bed very late, but it's very exciting because you meet a lot of people and enjoy your night. Unfortunately ,  it's not possible unless you can rest in the morning.
If you are a really good student in one subject, you can provide private lessons ,  which is one of the most  prolific   jobs  ,  but do it only if you like teaching. Otherwise you should try to find another job.
The main thing to remember is that there  are  many possibilities but you have to try to find them and not just say: "I want to work and earn money".
Dear Mrs or Miss Jane X,
I am writing to thank you for the annual international arts festival which was organized on 21st-22nd November. I  spent two days at this festival .
It was a great idea to organize such  a  festival. I am a teacher and I love music. Most of the events which I  saw  were good. I enjoyed  the  dance shows,  and the  jazz and rock concerts. I visited art exhibitions. There were a lot of nice pictures, sculptures and other creative works. I was impressed by them. At  the  festival I could talk with writers. It was an excellent idea to  have  one  reasonably priced  weekend ticket for all events. A lot of people could visit as many events as    they  wanted .
I was very surprised when I  learned  that  the  stars and artists were  from only  six countries. It was too  few  for this festival. It was  a   pity  that  the halls used for the classical concerts were too small . I like going to classical concerts but at this festival the  sound  of  the  music  was  terrible.
I have some  suggestions  for next year's festival. Firstly, it will be great if you invite more famous singers and bands. The second one is to include more musical films and plays. I would like to help you in your interesting  work . I look forward to your answer.
Yours sincerely
Traditional Folk Stories of the World
There are a lot of folk stories  from around  the world and there are a lot of folk stories in Estonia .  I would like to tell you one of them. This story is about a man and his three sons. This story happened a long time ago. The man was old and his sons were young.
One day the man  quarrelled  with his sons and they left the house  to try  to find work. They were successful. And they  lived  far from their father for two years. They  grew  up and became wise. They decided to return to  their  father because he was old and he needed help.
When the sons were old they began to  talk  about their life ,  beginning with this story , which   happened  a long time ago . 
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about a musical show called 'Over the  Rainbow  '  that  took place  in the Circle Theatre. There were some problems that were not  displayed  in the  advertisement .
The first problem was about the actors. In the  advertisement  it was clearly written that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play  the  main roles. But I was very disappointed when I didn't see them on the stage. The second problem was the time of the play. The  advertisement  said that the show would start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15. I was waiting for the show for     half an hour ! The third problem  was  the discounts. The  advertisement  said that they would be available but they were not. The last problem was the theatre restaurant. It was written in the  advertisement  that I could visit your theatre restaurant after the show, but  unfortunately  it was closed.
To conclude, I  was  not satisfied with the show I watched in your theatre and I would like a  full  refund.
Yours faithfully,
There are many different creatures on Earth: animals, insects, plants. But the most developed creature is  the  human. He  has lived   for  nearly 10 000 years. During this time men  have developed  and now are the leading creatures. They built huge cities, destroyed forests,  went  into space. Now, modern technology has changed our life. And, naturally, it has both advantages and disadvantages.
The modern technology, on the one hand,  has made  our life easier.  We use different electric kettle . We build big cities, there  is  hot and cold water, electricity, gas in  practically  every home. We use different transport that makes our  travel  faster, it  speeds up  our life. We communicate with other people by telephone    and  mail, we read newspapers, we watch television,  and  get different information from  the   Internet .
But, on the other hand modern technology  is destroying  our life. Factories  have polluted  the air we breath,  shops   have polluted  the water we drink. Many different  incurable  diseases  have appeared . For example ,  cancer  occurred  in Africa after American nuclear tests . 
All in all, technology  has made  our life better by destroying the environment. In future ,  possibly ,  the technology  won't  destroy the environment, but we have to do something now, because tomorrow  could  be too late.
Dear Manager,
My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about  some things  that happened  (in*/at)  the performance of the show Over the Rainbow,  which  took place in your  establishment , The Circle  Theatre ,  which  made me feel very upset.
First of all, the show is far away from being the best musical show in London. I was very  excited  to see it yesterday, but as soon as I arrived at the  theatre  the problems began. I was looking forward  (on*/to)   getting  a discount of  several  pounds on my ticket, as the leaflet  promises , however ,  it did not happen. After that, I became even more angry because, as far as I  am concerned , the show must begin on time, but it started  forty-five  minutes late. Finally, the actors were not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but others I have never  seen  before, and the restaurant was closed with no  notice .
 Lastly , for all these reasons my evening was horrible, and that is why I would like to ask you for my money back as soon as possible.
Yours  sincerely ,
 These days , technology has become a very common thing, even among children. It is such an evolution for  the  human race, however ,  we  cannot  forget that it can cause some problems too.
Firstly, the great boom  (of*/in)   mass   communication   which  happened  (in*/at)  the beginning of our decade, with the  development  of telephones, radio stations, television and even  satellites , and of course, the  Internet , gave  ordinary  people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world, and this  allowed  health and education  research  to increase as well.
 On the other hand , technology has  broadened  the differences between    poor and rich people to  a great degree , and this is one of the biggest causes of violence in all countries.  In  addition to that, people will always be  afraid  of  a  technological war.
In conclusion, from my point of view, people must learn that despite technology being such a <unknown/> new area to explore, we have to use it with a great  deal  of  responsibility    for us all to survive in the future.
Dear Sir/ MADAM ,
I am  writing   to  you because yesterday I went to the musical    "Over the Rainbow" and I had a bad evening.
First of all, in the advertisement  it  says that the  stars  were  different actors, and there weren't different one, so that  cannot  be .
Also in the advertisement  it  says   that the show  would  begin at 19.30 and it started at 20.15; that  meant  that I  had  to  cancel  a date that I had at 21:00, because I  couldn't  make it. If you  put on  a show you must be on time.
Another thing that  I discovered  was that  there were no discount tickets  and the advertisement  said   there   would   be . So, how is  it  possible that you  publish  an advertisement and you don't  do  what it  says ?
Finally,  you   were supposed  to have the restaurant open, and it wasn't, because they didn't have electricity to cook, so they  closed  it.
I am really  mad  and I want my money back . Please  call me  (to*/on)  the number 23456789, I will be waiting  for  your call. Thank  you  for your time
 Yours   sincerely 
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Modern technology  has   changed  my daily life in many  ways .
First of all ,  at work;  computers  are really amazing, you only need to turn  one  on and start to write; your work is  neater  and you work faster.
 It has also   changed  my free time ;  they  have  invented great games like play station, and you can have a really good time  playing with your friend . In the  old days , on a  rainy  day you couldn't play because most     games  were  played  outside the house but now with  modern  technology you can  do  many things in your house.
Another aspect is  that        domestic appliances   -  microwaves,  washing machines   -  make life  easier .
In my opinion technology  has  made  living   easier ,  more fun  and more comfortable.
Dear director of the Circle  Theatre !
Last week I was in London. On Friday we, my friend and I ,  visited your  theatre  to see 'Over the rainbow'. It should  have  been my best evening that week,  unfortunately  it wasn't. The first thing that  happened  was that the show didn't start on time. Instead of  7.30  am as your  advertisement  said, it started  at   8.15  am. In the meantime we tried to get our money back to do something else, but that was impossible. When the show started Danny Brook was not acting,  which  was a great  disappointment  for us both. We are both big  fans  of  his 
When the show was finished we went to the  restaurant  to have something to eat. But then it was  closed   for   repairs .
 Because of  all this  trouble  I think we should have our money back. We both  had  £15 tickets. And  next time , make  sure  that your  advertisement  is  accurate !
Yours Mrs Anna Schulsson
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She was my best friend for several years as a child. But I haven't seen her since we were 10 years old. When were nine years old and were in  third  grade we had a 'House' where we used to play all  afternoon . In fact it wasn't a  real  house, it was some stones between the trees in the  little  forest  near  our house. But we used to call it 'Our House'. It was a secret place and we had  promised  each other not to tell anybody about it.  Usually  we were cooking  flower soup , and  swapping  secrets.
One day when I  was  there alone, I heard some other kids  approaching  .  I sat down behind one of the stones so they  couldn't  see me. One minute later, Pat and half our  class   stood  in 'the House' looking and  laughing  at me and my flower soup.
 Maybe  she did it to  make  friends. But in fact that day she had  lost  my friendship.
Dear Sir:
I'm writing to you to complain about last  evening's  musical show. I was very happy to see your musical show but I have to say that it has been a very disappointing evening. At first my favourite actor Danny Brook didn't perform ,  without any  explanations   being given , and the show should  have started  at 19:30 instead of 20:15!! I was sure that  discounts  were available because I  had  read  that   they were , but at the  ticket  office they didn't  offer  them. What a terrible evening! So I  paid   for  the ticket. After the show I was hungry so I went to the restaurant but it was closed!
It wasn't my perfect evening out so I'd like to have my money back!
Yours Faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so he told his mother how his brother Jim lost her suit suitcase on the train. Jim's mum didn't want him to take her suitcase, but he did   . So  one  morning he reached Victoria Station with the suitcase and  took  the train for the countryside where he had to work. But when he walked out  of  the station he realised that he  had   left  the suitcase on the train. Then he waited for the next train to London and he caught it. He was worried about his mother's reaction, but when he arrived he went to the Station Manager's office and he found it on the table. He was so happy! All this story was a secret but Pat  revealed   it  to his mother. She was so angry and confused because Jim  hadn't  told her the truth.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to make a complaint about the show 'Over the Rainbow'.
During my stay in London I went to your theatre to see this show.  Though  it  said  in your advertisement   the show  stars  Danny Brook    there was  a  different actor  on stage .  That  is not the only problem.
The show  was meant  to start at 19:30, but it started at 20:15. You promised that there  would  be discounts, but when I  arrived , I found out   that they were not available.
I wanted to go to your restaurant. I invited a friend of mine and promised her that we  would  go there. And what I found out  was your  restaurant was closed.
You promised that if we  went  to your show we  would  have a perfect evening. Everything was just  the reverse . I am very disappointed . That  is why I am asking you for compensation.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat was not very good at keeping secrets.
It happened at the end of  the  school year. My class was going to a  nightclub  and I wanted to go there too. I asked my parents if I could go, but they did not let me do that. I tried to persuade them,  said  that nothing  would  happen to me, promised to do all  the  housework. But all they  did   was   tell  me that I am to young for  that  and I can go there only when I am 20 years old.
I had such a desire to go to the disco   that I decided to go even without  my   parents'  permission. I told my secret to my best friend ,  Pat. But she told it to  every  kid in school, even the teachers heard it. It  happened  that one of the teachers told my parents about it.  (At*/In)  the end I was punished and stayed at home for two weeks.
I understood that I must keep my secrets and    not tell anybody, even  my  best friend.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I'm writing this letter to complain about a musical show which  I saw     last Saturday.
I went to London to see this musical but I was absolutely  disappointed   (about*/by)  the show. I got to the theatre at 18:30 because I wanted to  have a  drink before I  went  to the hall so I got there earlier. The show was supposed to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15. It was about fourty five minutes later than  the  original starting time. I was just a bit upset but I wasn't that upset    at that time. The thing which made me really upset was the actor. The actor should  have been  Danny Brook but it was another man who I haven't seen before. I liked Danny Brook so much and I was expecting to see him but you didn't even mention     that  that actor was going to  be changed  to another  man . This thing shouldn't  have  happened.
After  I  finished watching the show I went to the restaurant which you advertised. It was about 21:00, I thought it was  a  bit later but it wasn't my  fault  anyway. The show was finished at 21:00. When I went there the restaurant was closed. We couldn't even get any sandwiches.
I'm  too  upset to say anything anymore and I want to get my money back which I paid for the show.
I look forward to hearing from you before I  do my futher reaction .
 Yours  faithfully
Ann Kim.
Fashion of the future.
Nowadays, we have millions  of  styles of fashion and every single person has their own fashion. Fashion  has become  a part of our life and some people think that what clothes you wear is  the  most important thing. We spend lots of time  choosing  clothes or shoes.
   100 years ago, people  dressed         differently . Women  wore  dresses and men  wore  suits in England. It was very formal fashion, but now people wear more sexy clothes than 100 years ago. Fashion keeps changing.
Therefore, in the future fashion might be changed a lot. I think people will wear metal clothes like  in  Robotcap. The  environment  will be very polluted and finally we'll get  diseases . We will need helmets to cover our  heads  and we will also need  air-supplyer .
 Maybe , science will be developed and make our  environment  clean,  and  we will not wear anything at all!!! (except  underwear ).
I hope that the  environment  will be better than now in the future and our fashion will be changed but nobody knows how it will be. We should try hard to create new fashion and suitable fashion in  future   times .
17/6/2000
Saturday
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to inform you about my disappointing evening  which  I spent at the play "Over The Rainbow" presented by The Circle Theatre.
The problems started at the beginning. Although it  said  19.30 in the advertisement, the play began at 20.15. In addition, a different actor was starring instead of Danny Brooks and this was the most disappointing thing that evening for me and my friends.
I was told  we   would be  able to get discounts, however, I could not get any. I also went to your theatre restaurant after the show, but it was closed because it was being redecorated. As a result, I could not have my perfect evening out.
For all the reasons I have mentioned above, I would like to get at least half of my money back.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
17/6/2000
SECRETS' DAMAGE
Unfortunately, Pam wasn't very good at keeping secrets, and this made her lose her friends, her job and everything she had.
From the time she began    university, the problems began. She was telling  the  secrets of her friends to the others. One day, her friends got fed up with this and ended their friendship. Pam was sorry but there was nothing she could do about this.
Then she began to work at a company. One day, she again told the secret formula  for  a  product  to a friend of hers. Unfortunately, this friend told this to some other people and when it was understood that Pam was guilty, she was fired.
Life  was  harder than  ever  for Pam then. She had no friends. Nobody wanted to talk to her either. One day, she moved to a farm and nobody has heard from her since then.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm writing to complain about the musical show 'Over the Rainbow . '  I saw  it  yesterday  evening in your 'Circle Theatre'. By the way ,  I would  like   to enquire  about  getting  some money back.
I read your advertisement for the show and I decided to have a wonderful evening by  seeing  it. I believed in the phrase  (by*/with)  which the advertisement ended: 'Your perfect evening out!' But nothing was perfect.
The show should  have  started at half past 7 pm but nothing happened. I waited and it  became  8 o'clock pm - nothing happened. At quarter past 8 pm the show started and I was looking for Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. But I saw some foreign actors I didn't know. I was very  wrong and afraid about  it and I  remembered  that this was the third problem  that  evening.  When  arriving at the theatre there were no discounts available. Now I asked myself if there  would   be  another problem. The problem came. The restaurant, which I decided to visit after the show     to eat  something, was closed without any  explanation  and the perfect evening was completely  imperfect .
I think  these  are reasons enough     to enquire  about  getting  some money back.
I would be  glad  to get an answer from you.
Faithfully,
Bergut Hunrtner
What will we wear 100 years from now?
Fashion  changes  every year. Do you remember what people wore 100 years ago? And by the way ,  do you believe that they also thought the fashion never changed? But    fashion  changes .
100 years ago    people wore long  clothes  and  big   skirts . You can say they wore a lot of clothes at one time.
 Nowadays  people wear  fewer  clothes. Often you  wear  very  little   but  short  skirts  and tops. Often you show your skin because  it's  popular  to do that  and everyone  does  it. So  it will be  possible to wear nothing in the future. A lot of  things  will be easier to do.
But in the winter there's still a problem       to solve. In the winter you'll freeze. But this problem is solving     itself . The  summers  and winters get warmer. The  reason  for this is    global warming, which is the  solution   (of*/for)  the problem and another reason why this idea is possible.
But  (by*/in)  some situations you have to wear something. The clothes you'll wear will be very extraordinary because of their special  method  of  production .
So don't laugh  (about*/at)  this idea. Think about this idea and perhaps you'll understand it. It's possible.
10 June 2000
Dear Manager,
I would like to complain about your theatre and the musical show that I saw last week.
I went to London for a holiday last week and read the advertisement about 'Over the rainbow' in the hotel which I stayed  in .
I saw Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were written on the advertisement paper and was very excited. However, Danny Brook did not appear on the stage until the end of musical showing time. I was really disappointed about it. Secondly,  the  starting time was 19:30 but it started 20:15 so I was  waiting  for 45 minutes. It was  such a  long time to wait in the theatre.
Thirdly, it mentioned about discounts. Despite    the fact that I am a student, I could not get any discounts. I also visited your restaurant after the show but  it   was  already closed because the show finished late.
 For  the  reasons  above, I, indeed, spent  an  awful last night in London.
I would like you to refund, otherwise, I will take    action.
I look forward to receiving  a  reply to my enquiry.
Sincerely
Fashion of the future
People will wear this kind of clothes 100 years    from now.
If  the  weather is hot then we don't have to wear  underwear  because very thin and light clothes will support our bodies. There will be two functions for summer clothes that we don't need to wear clothes  like layer and layer . For example, T-shirts for women  will include   a  bra: easy to take it out when you wash it,  and   it  is very simple and comfortable. What about short pants? You don't have to wear knickers. We can just put some thin pads in there. We can't feel it and easy to remove and just    wash it. Simplest is the best in summer!
When it's very cold  in  winter, we just wear light clothes  what we want , in our style. Because special warm and healthy material will be developed and  used     inside thin clothes so we don't need to put heavy clothes on our bodies. We can show our  figure  in winter as well.
Most important thing is that we don't have to kill    animals  just  for people's cruel aims.
 Functions' clothes are the way to love animals! 
Dear Sir or  Madam ,
I am writing to you to  complain  about the show "Over the Rainbow" at your theatre "The Circle Theatre". I am deeply  disappointed  with the service and the  unreliable   information    at your  theatre .
 I attended  your  show     one    evening, during my stay in London. In your advertisement you've mention "Danny Brook" would be starring and as it turned out it was a different Danny Brook. I am very  disappointed  by this. You also mention that your show would  start  at 19.30 but to my  knowledge  it started at 20:15 and that  meant   forty-five  minutes of waiting.  It also  mentioned  other  services  would be  available  to the  audience  . For Example there were no discounts available and the theatre restaurant  was  closed after the show, when it was  meant  to be open after the show  according  to the advertisement but  it  was closed  due  to the delay  (of*/with)  the  performance .
Lastly ,  your advertisement  stated  clearly that this would be "Your perfect evening out!" but sadly it was a real waste of time for me. And I would like a  refund  .  You have wasted my evening and money.
I hope to hear from you soon.
 Yours  faithfully,
(Rumgopol Rinsook).
 (For*/In)  the past 100  years , fashion has  changed  a great deal.  Nowadays  clothes  are  designed to be more comfortable. You can just "pop down the road" and go shopping.  The material  and  colours  of your  clothes   have  changed since the early  1900s    .  Synthetics   have been  created by  scientists . Clothes are now  mass-produced  and  designed  by  designers .
 Designers  are unique in  a  way but their  designs  are  sometimes  more   a  piece  of art and not for  everyday   purposes .
It is hard to  imagine  what people  will   wear  in 100  years'  time, because since the  1900s  clothes have  reduce into smaller item and more  practical  .  Maybe   it would  continue   reducing  in 100 years to come .  Scientists  might discover a new way to make clothes more  fixalde .
It could be that you  will  carry a small round box. It would provide you with a new type of material to cover  your  body and you  could   choose  what you want to wear by pressing  buttons .
This would be very easy to   manage   but  it   would  mean no  more  shopping for girls. It would be  scary  to live  in the new 100 years , but it would be interesting to see what will happen. Hopefully  everybody wouldn't be walking around naked .
Dear Sir/Madam,
Further to the  unpleasant   event  that took place last week ,   it   is     my right     to complain  about the musical show I saw when I was in London.
First of all, when we arrived we went to pay and we gave <NS type="M"></NS> a discount ticket. It was not  valid  but the worst thing was that nobody  explained the reason to us .
The show  was supposed  to start at 19:30 and it did not start until 8:15 . Then  I felt  disappointed  because the main actor had been changed. It  would   not have  been such a terrible thing if the new actor    acted as well as the other one.
If  that  does not seem enough, after the show  my  boyfriend wanted to  take  me to eat something in the theatre's restaurant but the  unpleasant  surprise was that it was closed because all the waiters were on holiday.
After  explaining my complaints to you  I hope you    send me some money back.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. It was our last school year, so we decided to organize a trip to celebrate  the fact  we had finally finished  school . We knew that our parents wouldn't let us  travel  alone so we had to invent a story to avoid  them      realising  what  had happened . Kim, Kate and Pat told their parents they were going to travel with the school and so   did I. We were excited and we started to  organise  everything. We booked some rooms in a hotel, next to the beach ,  and we bought all the useful things we were going to need. It seemed  like  the perfect holiday but it wasn't. Pat was in love with my eldest brother ,  whose name is Jon (I have never got on well with him). Pat told him our idea.  Poor  Pat, she didn't know my brother, she didn't know how he was. Jon told my parents what we wanted to do. We lost our  holiday .
Dear Sir,
I write this letter because I  think  there were too many problems concerning your musical show: "Over the rainbow".
 First , I expected to find Danny Brook as the main actor, but she must have been  replaced  since the actor was different. I was so disappointed that I was thinking of leaving your theatre. Nevertheless, I stayed since I had paid.
I also want to put the  emphasis  on the fact that the show started at 8.15 pm instead of beginning at 7.30 pm. It  was     really a shame! In fact, if I had  known , I would have probably stayed at home.
We    see on the advertisement that discounts are available. Nonetheless, there were no discounts available at all. And, we were not allowed to visit your theatre restaurant  because  it was closed. Indeed, there was a little  note  on the door which informed us that the restaurant was closed due to illness.
Consequently I ask you for some money back ,  seeing that I think:  it's not worth the bother  to  lose  money for such a show.,
Thank you.
I think that modern technology  changes  my daily life. Indeed, daily life is easier thanks to technology. For example, if I want to buy something, I  can   go  on my computer and buy it. But it will make me lazy.
On the one hand technology is a good thing seeing that we've got more and more  opportunities  to enjoy ourselves since  it  invents a lot of products. But on the other hand, technology's products are sometimes  expensive  and I can't afford  them .
In fact, I like technology but sometimes I wish it  had never  existed since there are too many things on  the  market. Indeed, when you want to buy a television, for example, there are a lot of different  makes . And it's all the more  tiring  since you often wait  (during*/for)  two weeks before  getting  it. I'm bound to feel  tense .
To put it in a nutshell, I would like to say that technology can be a good thing, but it creates many problems too.
Dear Sir, I am writing to complain about the arrangements for the musical show "Over the Rainbow". I was spending some days in London and  liked   the idea of seeing this show a lot .  My  disappointment started when we noticed that there were no discounts available for the tickets, but as we wanted to see Danny Brook's performance, we decided to buy them anyway. We got really upset when we realized he  had been  substituted. The show was scheduled for 19:30 but it only started at 20:15. Besides the boredom of having  to wait  for forty-five minutes, we were not allowed to visit the restaurant after the show, since it was already closed by the time the show finished. As it was not our perfect evening out, as you  promised  in your advertisement, we would like to know if it would be possible for us to get a refund. I look forward to your response. Yours faithfully,
Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie
Dear Ted,
I'm writing to tell you about a great book I've just finished reading, and which I'm sure you would like to read too. Its name is "Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie", and I really  was   impressed  with the coherence of the stories.
Agatha Christie presents situations that  make us break up our minds . The crimes she describes seem so perfect that we  think  a lot trying to find out who is the criminal.
I thought about you while reading the book because I remembered you have booked a place  (in*/on)  a Detective course. I'm sure you'll find this book an interesting object of study. Agatha  Christie's  stories are simple, but very well written, and, as I told you, very coherent. It's  stimulating  to read them.
One of the stories will be read on the radio next week. I'm sure that if you listen to it you will start reading the book immediately, and find out there  are  many challenges  (for*/in)  your new  career .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Best wishes,
Dear Sir,
During a week's holiday I had in London, I went to see your last musical show called "Over the rainbow" at The Circle Theatre. I saw an  advertisement  which  made it   seem  very  attractive  to me.
I have to say, it was not the best musical show. I think it was pretty bad. I had a very disappointing evening for many reasons.
 Firstly , I decided to  go  see your show to be  entertained  by the  performance  of Danny Brook  so  I was  very  sad to find  another  actor on the stage. Another thing was the  time . In fact, the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30. It's  unbelievable   it   was   45 minutes late .
When I got to the  ticket office  before the show to buy my ticket I asked for a senior discount, and the woman told me there were no discounts available  such  as I  had read  on the  advertisement .
After the show, I went to the restaurant to have a drink after all of these disappointments, but the doors were close because of renovations.
I think you will understand  why  it was not "my perfect evening out" as you said, but one of the  worst . For all these reasons I am asking you to give  me  my money back.
Best Regards,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, in fact she was so bad at that she  got  me in    trouble. Once I was on vacation with her in America, in Chicago to be exact. We stayed     (in*/with)  a host family in  a   suburb  of the city. We spent three weeks over there, the weather was great, the people we met  were  very interesting so everything was perfect. We  mostly had  a wonderful time. We went there 3 years ago and I  was  only 19 years old  and  as everyone  knows     the  age of majority  ,   when you are  able to go out in the USA ,  is 21 years old. If you    have  not   reached   your  majority  you  aren't allowed to drink or smoke, or ,  even  worse  ,  to go  (in*/into)  a bar. So one night Pat, who was 5 years older than I, and  I  decided to go     (in*/to)  a bar even if we knew I wasn't allowed in   . At the entrance, the security guard asked for  my  identity card, Pat gave hers and told him that  I'd left  it  at  home. The man said it was OK    this time and we  got  in quite  easily ,  we'd  made it. It was such    fun, we met a lot of different people, we danced, we had a wonderful time. After a few hours of dancing we started to  get  thirsty. We went  (at*/to)  the bar and  asked  for  an   alcoholic drink . Of course by the time we  got     it we  had forgotten  all the stuff about the majority. The barman asked me my age and Pat told him without thinking    19 years old! Then she realized but it was too late. The manager came, he called the police and the beginning of a great evening    ended  with a night in jail and an expensive fine! Thank you Pat for keeping  a secret so well !!
To the manager of The Circle Theatre
Dear Sir/Madam
Last weekend I was in London on holiday. I had looked forward to  going  and  seeing  "London's newest and best musical show "-Over the Rainbow. I must say I was rather disappointed by the experience.
I am a great admirer of the actor Danny Brook, who was supposed to be starring in the musical.  Surprisingly  there was a  completely  different actor starring. Very disappointing!
According to your advertisement the musical was supposed to start at 19:30. For some unknown reason it did not start until 20:15.
I was looking forward to  taking   advantage   (from*/of)  the discounts available, but when I came to buy my ticket I was told there were no discounts available.
After the show I had planned to have dinner at the Theatre Restaurant.  Unfortunately  the restaurant was closed.
I bought a ticket to have a "perfect evening out" during my holiday. Indeed it was not a perfect evening out. Therefore I think the least I can ask from you is to give me the money back for the ticket.
Sven Reitgard
The Old Man and the Sea - Ernest Hemingway
Dear Sara
I have heard that they  are going to  read "The Old Man and the Sea" on the radio ,  P1 ,  on Wednesday next week. It is a book written by Ernest Hemingway. I would really recommend you to listen to it.
The basic story of the book is in fact quite simple. It is about a tough old fisherman from Cuba who sails out alone in a small boat to fish. He is only  looking  for the biggest fishes and he has been  unsuccessful  for 86 days. This day he is lucky. He  gets  a big swordfish hooked and after a long fight the fish is finally  caught .
On his way back home to port he is attacked by sharks who  eat   the fish he caught   piece  by  piece . The fisherman kills many sharks with  various  weapons, but when he reaches port there is only  the  head, tail and bones left of the huge swordfish. Mr. Hemingway makes this simple story a real adventure. He  makes  you experience in detail all the struggles the fisherman has when he fights with the swordfish and the sharks. The fisherman is a typical old, strong and lonely hero of Mr. Hemingway. This tale is very amazing and it is no surprise Mr. Hemingway was awarded the Nobel Prize for it.
I really think you should  take time      to listen  to it on the radio on Wednesday next week.
Best regards
Sven Reitgard
Dear manager
My name is Lisa and I'm 21 years old. I went to the theatre last Friday to see Over the Rainbow and I felt disappointed about the musical. I expected more from it. First of all the actor was the same  as  last semester. I would really like to see a new one such as Markin Davis, he is a great actor and he would fit well  in  this musical. Then I was  sat  with my friend just waiting for the start  and  that lasted forever and  it  was supposed to start at 19:30. After the show I felt really hungry, so I  intended  to go to the restaurant ,  which  occasionally  was closed. By  this  time I thought: "I want my money back."  What  was supposed to be a perfect evening turned out to be the most hateful musical I've ever seen.
 Attencionally 
Straussburg 17th June 2000
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Despite the fact that she was my best friend I could never count on her or she would tell everybody in high school all my secrets.
Once, when we first met ,  I was about 15 and she was the same age, we started talking and by the time  we had finished  we found out  that we had formed  a very good friendship  (on*/through)  our conversation.
One day she came over to my house and we  talked  all night about our lives. Then I told her about my first kiss (it was terrible, the guy didn't know how to do it) and things like that.
The next morning when I got to the high school I heard what I wasn't expecting, Pat had told everybody about my first experience  (in*/of)  kissing. People  were   staring  at me and laughing.
I got really mad at her, but nowadays we are friends, not as close as we used to  be . I don't tell her my secrets anymore.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show, which  gave me  a very disappointing evening, while I was staying in London.
Firstly, there was a different actor instead of the famous actor   Danny Brook. That  left  me so disappointed. Secondly, I  thought  the show  would  start at 19:30, but it started  at  20:15. It caused me  to miss  the train and I went back to the hotel  when it was  nearly     midnight . Another problem is   I  thought  that    discounts were available. However, there wasn't any discount. Additionally, the advertisement said I  could  visit the  theatre  restaurant after the show. When I arrived, it was closed.  It  is so annoying that everything  was  changed without any notice.
I  expect  to receive  my  money back within    two days. Otherwise I  would like  to take     further  action.
 Yours  faithfully,
Silvie.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping  secrets . I told Pat everything even my  secrets  when we were still friendly. However, we are not friends anymore because of a  secret   in the past .
It  is  a very long time since I was in Year 7. I told Pat that my father and mother were going to  separate . I told her because I wanted somebody to share my  feelings .  Maybe  it was  the  wrong decision to tell her . She  began to  share  that  secret   (to*/with)  everybody ,  including the teachers. They tried to contact    my parents. My parents were very angry when they realised what  had happened . All my friends were trying to  keep   their  distance  (with*/from)  me. That was all because of Pat.
 Finally , I decided to go to  another  school and I will not tell any  secret  to  anyone .
Dear Sir,
I'm writing to complain  (for*/about)  the musical show "Over the Rainbow".  I recently saw   this  in your theatre during my week's holiday in London  and  I must say I had a very disappointing evening! I was sure this was    London's newest and best musical show ,   the best  I  would   ever see  ,  because of the good publicity you  gave   yourself  in your advertisement, but I thought completely wrong!
Firstly, the play started nearly an hour later  than  I expected! If the  show   had  been beautiful, I would have been quite  happy  to wait. Then, I had read that there would  be  discounts available, but  that  wasn't true!  It's  better not to write anything if    it  isn't  true   .
Finally, I hoped that, after these incidents, I would enjoy myself, but there was another change  (of*/to)   the  programme:  the   star ! The main actor, Danny Brook, was changed and the one who played his part wasn't as good as I expected.  After  the show, I went to your theatre restaurant, but it was closed and this  hadn't  been said before. Moreover, I was shocked by the reason for which it  had been  closed: the chef  left  after he received a phone call!
For all these  reasons , I want to ask for my money back and I hope to hear from you soon!
A suggestion?  Organise   your shows better  and do not  exaggerate  with publicity!
Yours sincerely,
There  could  be many things to say about  this . Technology is a wide field which  expands  very quickly. It's creating an artificial world, where everything is electronic and fast. I'm not sure if I  can  say  whether  technology has changed our life in  a  positive  way  or not. Certainly, thanks to it, we can do things today that were impossible a few centuries ago. Nowadays, we  can  make a phone call with an  astonishing  rapidity,  whereas   (at*/in)  my grandparents' time it took one month or more to  get   in  contact with people abroad, because the only means of communication was the post and its service was very slow! When  the first car appeared , it was already a great success. Before that, people travelled by horse or worse. Fortunately today everyone can take an aeroplane and go to America, Australia or wherever else  they   want ! What can I say about    television? It allows us to  maintain  connections with the other states of the world, improves our knowledge, offers us news, advises us about events which  have happened  or will happen. In ,  the not very  distant  ,  1914,  parents  sent their sons  (in*/to)  war and it was very difficult to know if they were still alive or dead! It's terrible!
Despite this, I'm convinced all this progress  has caused  some  damage   (at*/to)  the community, not only  physically . We pay less attention to our life, to those things which give us happiness, that aren't money, success, power.
We  have become  passive people, we follow the same routine every day and we live in a society where rules are strongly fixed. I think everyone should live his own life how he wants to live it and make  himself  known for who he is, not for his money, but for his abilities, his good habits, his personality.
Finally, everyone should  slow down  his own life's  rhythm .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I am writing to complain about your musical show which  was  performed last Friday.
I was interested in your advertisement and I booked the  Friday  show while I  was  on holiday.
However, this theatre made me  disappointed  from  the start of  the show until  its  finishing.
First of all, I saw that the discounts were available, but there were not any discounts and  advantages  for the audience. Also the show started at 20:15  delaying for more 45 minutes than the advertise mentioned .
 I could bare it by the time . Moreover ,  the show was awful. I like Danny Brook and Tina Truelove's acting but  the  actors were changed without mentioning, also the restaurant was closed  (by*/with)  the excuse  that it was   being  repaired. In fact, the notice had been  displayed  since last winter. It means that the theatre have not made any efforts for the people.
In conclusion, I was very disappointed in  the  whole of the show . Furthermore, , I could not enjoy my holiday after the show. Therefore, I would like  you  to refund some money. I look forward to recieving your prompt reply.
Yours faithfully,
Sun-Young Lee.
Fashion of the Future. Return to    Nature.
The World is being Changed rapidly by developing technology and  industry . It  affects   us   in  lots of ways. One of them is  in   the   area of fashion .
 People  think that we will wear    simple, practical, light clothes. For instance, we can see that kind of clothes in sci-fi films like Starwars.
 However ,  on the other hand , there is a different idea. People like designer's clothes like Armani, Chanel..  and  so on. They prefer new original style in order to  make them look  more attractive. Moreover, most designers prefer to use natural material. They have used animal and fish skins, some plants and herbal things  rather  than chemical  one .
In my opinion, people want to wear special and original clothes to show their own characters. Also countless  fashions  will be  seen . People will prefer to use more natural than chemical things and wear more beautiful and attractive clothes.
I think that showing their beauty is one of  animals'  basic instincts. I  couldn't  stand wearing a suit or kit like  that  which has been  shown  in Starwars!
Dear Sir:
I am writing to let you know  about  the  disappointing  evening I had  seeing  your show with the worst services I have ever  experienced .
First of all,  (in*/on)  the ticket     it  says that the actor was Danny Brook and  really  he was not.  A different actor appears in the show , so I was very disappointed.
Then,  (in*/on)  the ticket  it  says that the show  starts  at 19.30 and, I don't know why, it started at 20:15, very  impolite   (of*/on)  your  part , and ,  also,  you   wasted my time .
 The other  thing is that  (in*/on)  the ticket  it   appears  that discounts were available but when I asked  (for*/about)  it, there  were   none .
The last thing is that you invited us to visit your restaurant after the show, but it was closed because the food was not  yet  done.
I thought you were a good theatre,  where  people can go and have a good evening alone or with somebody else, but  really  I am very disappointed and I want to ask for my money back. I'll never return    because of the bad service you  offer .
Please, let me know your answer.
 Truly .
All of us know  that  technology and science  have  affected our lives.  Considering  my  whole  life I can say  that   modern  technology has changed my daily life in many ways.
The first  thing  is that it has changed my  family  relationship. It has, in some way, separated the  family , making all of us    worried about  our  own things. We  all work   separately ,  developing      individually  and  forgetting  we  have  to  all talk  together to know about  each  other's life.
The second  thing  is that it has  made   my life easier .  communication   (in*/over)  the world  is  faster than ever, so when I need something, I can have it in only a minute. It  has allowed  me to worry about other things  (of*/in)   my  life.
The last  thing   is  that    technology has allowed me to have    better health. It has  invented  many instruments that help me to  maintain   my  health.
To finish, I can say technology has changed my life in good and bad ways, helping    things  to be  easier but making me     dependent .
Dear Sir,
Last week I  went to  London for  a   holiday . During my stay in that beautiful city, I thought it was a good idea to go to the theatre to enjoy a Musical   , so I decided to go to your theatre to see "over the Rainbow".
It was a very disappointing evening not just for me but for most of the people who  were  in the theatre.
First of all, I was looking forward to  seeing  one of my favourite actors, Danny Brook, and it was very disappointing for me to see a  different  actor instead of him in spite of his name  being   written  in the advertisement.
In the advertisement for the show I also read that it was going to begin at half past seven p.m. but,  actually , it began at eight fifteen. I also   found out that no discounts were available. In spite of it  being  said in the advertisement <NS type="M"></NS>.
Another disappointing thing I found was that the restaurant was closed because the  cook   had  had an accident with hot water when he was boiling some vegetables.
In the advertisement there's no mention  (about*/of)  getting any money back but I think it was such a disappointing evening that you should give  some  back to me.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Last summer, I was spending my holidays in a little village  (in*/on)  the southern  coast  of Spain with my friend Pat.
We usually went to the beach to have a  swim  and to enjoy the fantastic  weather  in that part of Spain during the summer.
One day we found    a beautiful little beach next to the big one where some people were  sunbathing  and some children were playing football in the sand.
 As  it was so beautiful, we decided to  go  back to the beach at night to see the moon, the  sea  and the stars.
When we arrived at the beach, we saw a suspicious light and two  people  doing something we couldn't see very well. In order to see it, we got closer to them and,  (at*/in)  the end, we saw that they had  stolen  a lot of money and they were trying to put it in a safe place. As it seemed dangerous we agreed that we shouldn't  tell anybody about it . It was our secret.
Unfortunately Pat  told  the story to a friend of  ours  and ,  I don't know how, but the robbers knew that we had seen all they had been doing. So, now we are in danger because of that.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir or Madam,
About two weeks ago, I went to London for a  week's  holiday. While there I saw your advertisement for the show "Over the rainbow" and decided to go.
I was looking forward to a great evening, but much to my surprise,  that  was not exactly the case: there were no discounts available,  such  as     were   mentioned  in the advertisement; the show started 45 minutes late; I was then very disappointed to see that Danny Brook  had been  replaced by someone else.
After the show was over, it was not possible to visit the theatre restaurant, as it was closed that day.
I am very sorry to say it was definitely not a perfect evening out, and I am therefore asking you  for  a refund  (of*/for)  the amount I paid, or part of it. You will find the receipt enclosed.
Yours  faithfully ,
Modern technology is affecting my daily life a lot, I can even say  it   has changed  it.
I will take the  example  of the use of the  Internet . I use it on a daily basis for many different reasons:
I don't write letters to my friends anymore, and wait weeks before receiving answers, I just send an electronic mail  via  the  Internet  and the person  receives  it within seconds.
I don't need to go to the stores anymore   if I don't want to: I can just stay at home and buy almost everything through it: books, video tapes, clothes and even groceries.
It is also possible to read the news or play games.
I also have the  opportunity  of making new friends: I can connect to a special site which will enable me to virtually meet people.
Dear manager,
My name is Marcia Fomalar, I am  writing  to  let  you know how disappointed I felt when I went to the musical     (of*/at)  the London theatre.
I decided to see the 19:30 show so I arrived on time at 19:00 o'clock. I went to buy  a  ticket and as I like to enjoy the show near    the stage I bought a £20  ticket  but when I asked for  a  discount they told me ,  "I am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement .  It will be impossible to  give  you a discount". This was my first problem.
At 19:15 I was very impatient ,  waiting for the show  to begin  ,  and a man  announced  that the show  would  start at 20:15. I had to wait more that an hour outside the theatre because to make matters worse I couldn't spend the time in the theatre restaurant. The reason they gave me  was  it was closed because it was being repaired.
 Finally  the show started and to my  surprise  my favourite actor Danny Brooke had been replaced by another actor. Now what I hope is you  refund  me my money . It  was a horrible evening out
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.  It  would  have been  the best party of the year. Last month was my  grandmother's  birthday and I organised a party for her.
My grandmother loves    parties and when she was young she used to organise big parties for all  her  family and friends. Now she is 85 years old so she can't do that but   I can.
I organised everything like: the place, the food, the decoration .  I sent letters by post to everybody she knows. It  seemed   likely  to be the  biggest  party of her life.
I thought  we  could  put on  a show  (in*/at)  this special party so I talked to Pat, my best friend,  to see  if she could help me as she works in the production of T.V.  programmes . She loved the idea and said she had  various  shows so  I could   decide  which  would  be the most suitable. I told her to  call  me   .
Pat sent  a fax to my house  with the different alternatives she  had thought   of  but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the  surprise  was  ruined . But  the party was great after all .
Dear Sir,
 I recently visited  London  (for*/on)   holiday  and during my stay I went to your theatre to see the musical show "Over the Rainbow". I am really sorry to say that I  was  very disappointed  (about*/with)  the whole organisation of the musical, starting  (from*/with)  the advertisement. Firstly, in the advertisement it says that the main actor was supposed to be Danny Brook , an  actor that I admire and I wanted to see    performing. Unfortunately ,  instead of Brook I saw another actor, totally  unknown  to me. Secondly ,  in the advertisement ,  the starting time of the musical was said to be    19:30, but the  show  started at 20:15. I don't want to be rude, but this is not  professional  at all. Another thing I would like to mention is the discount that we were supposed to have on the tickets.
There wasn't any discount. Lastly I would like to inform you that I wanted to have dinner at  your  restaurant but they told me it was closed because it usually closes at 11:00 o'clock ,  and the musical finished at 11:30.  So  I am asking you:  why  do you  advertise  it if is not going to be available  (for*/to)  the audience?
I am closing this letter by  telling  you that that night was the most terrible night of my holidays and that I would like to have my money back   please . 
I hope you will reply to my letter.
 Yours faithfully 
XX
How has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
We are living in the 21st century  and  everybody is surrounded by advanced  technology . As a result of all  this  advanced  technology , I became one of the daily users of modern technology. Of course using modern technology has both advantages and disadvantages.
The first thing that came to my life and changed it completely is the computer. I spend most of my time in front of the computer, either working or playing. Of course this  is sometimes  an advantage, when for example the computer helps me to do my job  more easily , but some other times it is a great disadvantage because it keeps me away from my friends. But unfortunately I cannot live without a computer. The first thing I do in the morning is start up my computer, check if I have any new e-mails, check my electronic calendar and then go to work, where I always work with a computer.  Using the  computer has become    second nature.
And  it's  not only the computer.  Every day  I use the microwave for heating my food and of course   I always carry with me my mobile phone.  It is one  of the greatest technological achievements and I am afraid to say that I cannot live without my mobile phone.
In conclusion I would like to say that modern technology  offers        humanity    many things, some of them are good and some others are not so good. It's up to us if we    use those technological achievements in the right way, and make our lives easier. The only thing I really  support  is that if you know how to use technology ,   it  is a benefit  (for*/to)  you. If you don't ,   it  is going to destroy you.
Dear Sir/Madam.
I'm writing to complain about the theatre show you  put on  last week because there were too many irregularities during the show.
Firstly, the  guest  stars who were supposed to  perform  were different  from the ones advertised  and very disappointing because they stopped the show twice. Secondly, the show started 45 minutes late when it was supposed to start at 19:30 and  no one  explained to us, the  audience , what was happening.
To make matters worse when we bought the tickets   they were  much too  expensive and there weren't any discounts for young people or for groups. But the worst happened when the show finished, because we (my girlfriend and I) were hungry and the theatre restaurant was closed.
Maybe, this was the worst show I have ever seen and for this  reason  I'll wait for  a  refund.
 Yours  Faithfully.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so we couldn't  tell  her what happened that night. Jon had crashed    Pat's  boyfriend's  car and he told her that someone had  hit  the car with a metal stick.
Pat's boyfriend couldn't believe that story but Pat trusted    Jon and she  thought  that he was honest. However, Jon felt very  disappointed  and he told the truth.
 At first  they didn't talk to each other but yesterday they both took part in a radio programme and she forgave him.
Now Pat is angry with us because we didn't  tell  her what happened that night, and because she has left her boyfriend. It could  have been  worse than it was and for this we are happy, but now we can't hide anything  (to*/from)  her.
Dear Sir,
I am Carlos Gregore and during my last holiday I stayed in London for a week.  It was then    I read the advertisement for the show  (of*/at)  your theatre and I decided to see it.
Unfortunately, I  noticed   a lot of inaccuracies on the advertisement :
An actor was changed and the  public  were  not   informed .
The show started 45  minutes  late without  any  valid reasons!
There were no discounts available like the  ones   in the  advertisement   .
 Finally , the theatre  restaurant  was closed for  the  holiday!
At the bottom of the advertisement was  written :
"YOUR PERFECT EVENING OUT" but I think I had a very disappointing evening!
So I decided to write you this letter to  complain about the inaccurate   information  and to ask for  a   refund   (of*/for)  the price of  the  ticket or a part of that. I hope you read this and write  to  me to  let   me  know  something  about my money
 Yours 
I think    modern  technology  is very important  (to*/in)  my life. I also think I am lucky, because I live in a period of  technological  boom.
In the last fifty years    human  technologies   have grown      exponentially . First the  conquest  of    space, then    computers, and now the new  biotechnologies  have changed, and are changing, the face of the  world .
My daily life should be changed by these innovations!  (At*/In)  the present day, for  example , a lot of people have a personal computer at home, and a very  large   proportion  of  those   also have   the   Internet , the new frontier of  computer  evolution.
If I look back  (in*/to)  the past I    find that  the  computer is following the same  route   as  television,  the   telephone  and a lot of other things   that now the  largest  part of  the  population have at home.
So, in my opinion, new  technology  has changed, is  changing  and will change my daily life ;  I hope that  afterwards  my life  will be  better.
DEAR "CIRCLE THEATRE" MANAGER,
I AM WRITING IN ORDER TO  EXPRESS  MY DISAPPOINTMENT AT THE SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW" ,  PERFORMED 2 WEEKS AGO; FIRST OF ALL, I READ  (ON*/IN)  THE ADVERTISEMENT THAT DANNY BROOK WAS TO ACT IN THE SHOW, BUT THE ACTOR THAT REALLY PLAYED WAS  A  DIFFERENT  ONE  , AND THIS WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING. THEN, THE SHOW WAS TO BEGIN AT 19:30, BUT IT BEGAN ONLY AT 20.15!
AS REGARDS THE TICKETS, I READ THAT DISCOUNTS WERE AVAILABLE, BUT IT WAS NOT SO, AND I HAD TO PAY THE  FULL  PRICE. MOREOVER, AFTER THE SHOW, I  INTENDED  TO VISIT YOUR THEATRE RESTAURANT, BUT IT WAS CLOSED AND THERE WAS NO EXPLANATION FOR THAT.  FINALLY , YOU PROMISED  (ON*/IN)  YOUR ADVERTISEMENT A PERFECT EVENING OUT; AS IT  WAS NOT  SO, I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MY MONEY BACK.
I HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU SOON,
BEST WISHES
FASHION: THIS TERM EVOKES TOP MODELS, STYLISTS, COLOURS AND THE GREAT EUROPEAN CAPITAL CITIES, LIKE ROME, LONDON AND PARIS. BUT IT IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO DEFINE IT OR TO FIX THE RULES WITHIN WHICH IT  DEVELOPS ; NOWADAYS THE FASHION WORLD INCLUDES (AND IS CREATED BY)  DESIGNERS  FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD, EACH ONE PRESENTING A DIFFERENT MODEL OF BEAUTY, SOMETIMES ONE  THE  OPPOSITE  (FROM*/OF)  ANOTHER. I THINK THAT FASHION IN THE FUTURE WILL  DEVELOP   ALONG  VERY DIFFERENT LINES: THERE MAY BE A RETURN TO THE FASHION OF THE PAST, AS WE CAN NOTICE    NOW, OR A MORE  FANTASTIC  AND TECHNOLOGICAL  DEVELOPMENT . SURELY, ORDINARY PEOPLE WILL NOT FOLLOW ONLY THE MODELS PRESENTED ON TV .  AS REGARDS EVERYDAY LIFE, I THINK THAT IN THE FUTURE ATTENTION WILL BE  FOCUSED  ON  COMFORT  MORE THAN ON ELEGANCE. BUT IF IT IS DIFFICULT TO FORECAST THE  DEVELOPMENTS  OF THE FASHION WORLD, IT IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO FORECAST THOSE OF THE COMMON PEOPLE, THAT IS A TOO  VARIED   A   CATEGORY .
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow" ,  which I went to see last week.
First of all, the actors that played  in  the show were  different  to Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. Besides    this they were not good    actors, so I am quite disappointed.
Then, the show  was meant  to start at half past seven and I had to wait  forty-five  minutes because it started  late . But  that  is not all because in the advertisement  it  appeared  that  discounts  were  available and  that  is false ;  I had to pay £20 for each ticket.
Finally, I wanted to visit your theatre restaurant and have a good dinner after the show but it was impossible. The restaurant was closed because most of the employees  were  on  holiday  and there were not enough people to  meet  the demand.
In conclusion, it was not the perfect evening that I expected, so I am therefore writing to ask for a full refund  (of*/on)  the tickets. I will be looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, and now my best friend knows that I will go to visit her next week.
Alice is my best friend and we met twenty years ago. We went to the same school and we had the same hobbies. It was perfect because we  were always  together and doing interesting activities like  snowboarding .
One day her mother died and she had to move to Germany where her sister was living. But she was very sad because she knew that it  would  be very difficult  for us  to see  each other  in the future.
After that, we wrote letters and she phoned me once    a week but it wasn't the same. I couldn't explain all my problems to her and her voice had changed.
Finally, I decided to visit her but I wanted    it  to be  a surprise. I worked hard  (during*/for)  one month  so  I could save  the  money to buy a  plane ticket .
I decided to explain all my plans to Pat and she promised me that she  wouldn't  say anything but it wasn't true. Yesterday she phoned    Alice and explained  everything . In spite of this I am very happy because I know that Alice is preparing many activities  for us  to do together  so   we   have  the best week  (in*/of)  our  lives .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to you because of the  unpleasant  evening I have  had  recently.
I  had  always thought that  the  plays of the Circle Theatre are worth    seeing, but two days  ago  I was very disappointed after visiting  your  theatre.  Earlier  I had seen an advertisement for the show but the  information  on it  was   false .
First of all ,  I  did not see  my favourite actor ,  Danny Brook. The second  thing  is that the play did not start at 19:30 but at 20:15! I could not get a discount. The last  thing  is that it was  impossible  to  go   to  the theatre restaurant because it was closed. I was told that it had been painted but nobody had written  that  on  the  advertisement.
 Finally  ,  I would like to say that my evening out two days  ago  was not perfect and I  would  be glad if you could  give some of my money back .
Yours  faithfully 
Modern technology is changing  the  world every day. I would like to write  about  how it has  influenced  my daily life.
I am a student  (of*/at)  a technical  university . Some time  ago  I did not know  anything about  the  Internet . When I  needed  some  information  I had to go to  the   library  to find it in books or newspapers. Now the only  thing  I have to do is to go to  the  computer room and turn on the computer. The computer is  helpful  when I want to contact somebody very fast. I just send an e-mail and that is all!
The second  thing  is that when I  needed  a phone card to call somebody I had to  stand  in a long queue. Now I just    put some money into a machine and I can take the card from there!
The last example is that I have  a lot of modern equipment in my house  ,  like  a  TV set, fridge  and   microwave  which help me  (for*/in)  my  life .
It is obvious that modern technology has changed my daily life.
To the manager of the Circle Theatre - London
Dear sir,
I write to complain about the show "Over the Rainbow" I saw last night. Firstly I was very disappointed     to find  out that  unheard-of  actors were playing instead of the ones we all expected.
Besides this, no discounts for students were available.
I'm very sorry to let you know that not only was the show really boring, but it  also started  45  minutes  late -  this  shouldn't happen!
In addition to this, I  listened to  bad singers and noticed a  numertable  lack of variety in  the   dancing .
Furthermore I couldn't drink a cup of coffee after the show in the theatre restaurant. I've been told it was closed because of a waiters' strike.
I know this is not  your fault , but it was very annoying. This show might be the newest in London, but  it   is   at all the best .
 Finally I do  think it would be fair to give the  audience  their money back -  so   I   am asking  you  for  a complete refund (cash) of the ticket price.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. We all know that she isn't good  (in*/at)  keeping her mouth shut at all, but it should have been better this time. Her brother Philip had just passed his last exam at the university and was going to graduate in a few days.
Their parents were so happy that  they  decided to give him a fantastic present: the brand new car he had always dreamed of.
This should  have been  a big surprise for him: the car was bought and everything was prepared in a very hush-hush atmosphere.
Pat promised not to speak to anyone about the car, but one evening Philip overhead her speaking about this with her boyfriend :  "It will be  delivered  on Thursday! Can you imagine Philip's face when  he sees  his favourite car out there?" He couldn't believe his ears!
The great day came. The car was already parked near the rear door and there was an unusual  level of  activity all over the house. Everyone seemed to be looking for something.
"Are you looking for these?" asked Philip ,  showing the keys  (of*/to)  the car.
And <NS type="MN"></NS> disappeared ,  heading for the rear door.
 Dear   Sir/Madam   
I am writing to you about your musical show "OVER THE RAINBOW". I  went  and  saw   it at  the theatre but I  was  very disappointed. I  went  to see a good  show  but I did not. Danny Brook was  meant  to be the starring actor but he  was  not,  another  actor took his place. That was very disappointing. The play was  meant  to start at 19.30 but  it  was very  delayed  .  It  started  at 20.15.
And this is not all ,  there is more. In the advertisement you  say  that there is  a   discount  available but  there  was not. Also the restaurant was closed because there was not  any food left .
I think the next time you  write  an  advertisement  you  should   put in     the right information.
I did not have a perfect evening with so many  problems  , so  I am asking  you  to  give  me some money back.
I hope to hear from you soon . 
Yours  faithfully 
 Does technology   have  a bad or a good  effect ? What does it offer to us? How  do  people use modern technology?  Let's  see if we use    modern technology ,   whether  we    have good  or  bad results.
In  the   18th   century  ,  technology started to grow more and more  and   the   20th  century  was called  the century of technology. During that time technology made a great step  forward .
 Technology  helps people. It informs people,  hospitals  use modern  technology  ,   and   the  computer helps  staders   and   helps  people do their job.
But modern technology  does  a lot of bad  things . A lot of  countries  buy  guns  ,  for their  defence     they say ,  but they buy them  to  kill people.
Modern technology is  affecting  people  in a  good and bad way. We have to be very careful with technology.  Technology   can't ever  stop going forward ,   and  so people always go  forward  but with  the  same  effection of  modern  technology . Technology is in our  lives .
Dear manager,
I am writing to tell you that I  was  very disappointed with the theatre. One of my reasons  for   travelling  to London   was this theatre.
I  thought  that "Over the rainbow" was horrible! I thought that it was the best musical show that London had. I was wrong, very wrong.
In the  advertisement   it   was  written that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove are    the actors, and in the theatre  you  had totally  different  actors.
I bought my tickets  fuee  days before the  performance  thinking I  would   get   a   discount . But     the opposite happened . I  paid  the same as  a  who bought the tickets ten minutes before the  performance .
 Another  thing I have to  complain   about is  the time of the  performance . It was supposed to  start  at half past seven, and it  only started  at fifteen  minutes  past eight.
After all this, I want to know if I will  get  some money back. I hope so.
yours  sincerely 
It is true that science and technology affects our lives a lot.  Technology  is  essential  to our life, we need it    each minute,    each second.
It is rare  that  schools    don't have a multimedia centre with many computers  (to*/for)  the students  to use . But  this  is good and bad  (in*/at)  the same time. Good because you can have  access  to a lot of  information , and it is bad because the computers are  doing     people's work. Nowadays we have teachers, and tomorrow? Who  has  the certain  knowledge  that    computers will not  take  the place of    teachers? It is interesting to  start  to think about this point.
Another point is that    television is taking    childhood  away from     children. For example, our parents had time to  play  with dolls or toys, and the new generation don't have time for this, because they spend a lot of time in front of televisions that only  show  silly programmes.
We need this technology, but we have to know how to control  it .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I  took  the  decision  to write to you because I would like to  complain  about  your  theatre. I  am writing  to you because last night I expected to  have  a wonderful evening and  unfortunately  I was  very disappointed .
 I  and some    friends     decided  to  go  to the theatre to see  a  musical show. We  were   so   excited . We are  (in*/on)   holiday  and we  decided  to  go . We  had never been   (in*/to)   a  musical show and we  thought  that  it  was  a   new   opportunity .
The title of the musical show was OVER THE RAINBOW .  The actors  were  2 actors that I  know are good . I believe that some  other  actors  maybe  made the  whole   story     more interesting. You had  two  times that you  could     go. The first was very early ,  at 2:30 ,  and the  other  at 7:30. We went at 7:30 .  Finally the musical show  started  at 8:15. We  waited  one hour. I can say that I  wanted  to go ,  but I  stayed   in the end . When we went to  pay   for  the tickets there  were  no discounts and we  were  6 people  in  all.
When the show finished ,  we went to the restaurant and  it  was closed because the people who  work   there     don't  work  if they don't  get their  pay first.
I  was   so disappointed     because  everything  went wrong that night.  I  and my friends     would be   obliged  if you  would give  us  back  some of the  money  we  paid . I     look forward to  your answer . 
 Yours   faithfully ,
We are in the  year 2000 . People  past 1000 years from the day that excisted  (in*/on)      Earth  . Humans     have done  many things  through  the years  and  made  many things possible . They  have invented  so many things that  have made     life more interesting and  easier .
Now we are in  the  20th  century      in which  people  have been  to the  moon  and  discovered   medicines   ( about */for)   serious   illnesses  .   I live in that century  too. I believe that I am  like  that <NS type="M"></NS>  ,  I belong to that  century . I couldn't ever  think   of   myself   living   some  years before  when  people  didn't  travel  (with*/by)   plane ,  ship  and  car .
I believe    modern  technology      has changed  everyone ,   especially  now with  computers  and all the  other   machines . Personally ,     modern technology  has changed  me a lot. First I  want   to talk  about the  computer . Before ,  I used  some   other  ways to  get  information or play or  communicate  with people. Now  I can do all this      (from*/with)  the computer. I can spend so many  hours  because day by day I  discover  new things.  Maybe   it  is not good because you don't have the  opportunity  to  meet  people and talk  face-to-face  .   Apart  from computers we have  the  telephone,  TV ,  and   gyms . All  of   these  are    in my life.
About the  TV  ,  I    spend many  hours  in  front of the   TV . It  helps  me to  relax  and  spend   some  hours  alone .  Exactly  happened  and with telephone .
About the  gyms  ,  I  like   them  very  much  .   Those   places  have so many machines that you can  easily   lose   weight  and  develop  a wonderful body. In  those  places you can meet people.
Now ,      in   conclusion  we can see ,  or I can see ,  that  maybe  I  am not      a   very   sociable  person  but  I can do  whatever  I want and take  whatever  I want only   through      technology . 
I can say that modern technology  has changed  my life.
Dear Sir
I am writing to complain about a terrible performance in your theatre. I had expected to see the fantastic musical show. However, everything was not performed as you had advertised.
Firstly, there was a different actor/actress  whose name I have never heard  before. Even though they performed their parts excellently I was very disappointed about your incorrect advertisement.
Secondly, the musical was not started on time. It was going to start  at  19.30. However, It was started 45 minutes later.   After all  , I  missed  my    return train after  the  show.
 Thirdly , there was no discount  (about*/on)  my ticket and the theatre restaurant was closed because of being repaired.
Finally , it  was  a  perfectly terrible evening out. So, I want you to  give me my money back . If you don't do that, I will tell  the  public  that  you are wrong in your advertisement.
 Yours  sincerely.
Yeung
When I was a  young  child, I used to be interested in reading     science fiction . Interestingly, nowadays, I live in the scientific world which I read  about  in the  books .
Probably, I started  using   a   mobile phone  5 years ago. Before using  a  mobile-phone, if someone wanted to talk to me immediately, they couldn't find    where I was. However, nowadays, it is easy to find me because of  the   mobile phone .
I used to write a letter to my friends. However,  after   the   appearance   of   the  Internet,  I send  e-mail to my friends. It takes just a few minutes to send e-mail to  someone . I just check my e-mail before going to bed  every day .
In conclusion,  because  of modern technology, I'm very comfortable and  can  do something  efficiently  with  my  computer and mobile phone.
Dear Sir!
I am writing to you because of the musical show ,  "Over The Rainbow" ,  I saw in your theatre last week. I looked forward  to  a perfect evening but it was the most disappointing one I have ever had.
Firstly, you did not tell the truth about  the   lead . The advertisement  (of*/for)  the musical said that it was going to be Danny Brook . Unfortunately  there was someone else - an actor  who  I do not like and if I  had  known that he was going to be  there  I  would  not have  gone  to see him.
Secondly, it was supposed to start at 19.30 but  it  actually started at 20.15.  Forty-five  minutes later! You also  had  mentioned about the discounts and there were not any.
Lastly, the restaurant which was going to be  open  was in fact closed without a reason  being given !
Keeping in mind all these  complaints , I want to ask you for some money back. I think it could be your nice  apology  for all my problems and disappointments.
 Yours   faithfully ,
 Modern  technology is a very important aspect of our lives. It is always with us: in our homes, in the places we work and learn. It affects our  lives   -   mine  too.
In fact ,  modern technology was already very popular and  commonly  used when I was born, so I cannot say that it changed my life  suddenly . But I am also sure   that my life would be different without it. All these products of science are with me  (since*/from)  the very  beginning  of my day. For example ,  I am woken up by my electronic alarm-clock, then I go to the bathroom and there is hot and cold water . Next  I eat my breakfast and listen to the radio. All these things are the  results  of    technology.
On the other hand, I am aware of all  the  disadvantages of    modern technology; pollution and  the   dangers  it brings. But I think it has more advantages than disadvantages and it is O.K. I am really glad that I am a child of my  century  - the age of modern science.
Finally, I think that we cannot talk only about  the  changes which    modern technology has brought to our lives. That's because    I think that we are the  ones  who change the technology as well. I think that our lives are lives with technology . They  sometimes  mean the same as science and affects not on at each other but together . So how has    modern technology changed my daily life? I don't know  what  it would be like without the technology.
MR. MANAGER,
I'M WRITING  TO  YOU TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MUSICAL SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW"  WHICH  WAS  PERFORMED  LAST WEEK. YOUR ADVERTISING LEAFLET WAS COMPLETELY  INACCURATE  .  IT SAID THAT DANNY BROOK WAS ACTING BUT, WHEN I GOT THERE, THERE WAS ANOTHER GUY ON STAGE. IT WAS DISAPPOINTING, SPECIALLY FOR ME WHO IS A GREAT FAN OF DENNY. THAT'S NOT ALL! IT STARTED FORTY-FIVE MINUTES AFTER THE RIGHT TIME AND WE HAD TO WAIT OUTSIDE THE THEATRE. THE TICKETS WERE SUPPOSED TO  INCLUDE  DISCOUNTS BUT THE LADY WHO WAS SELLING  THEM  TOLD ME THAT I MUST BE WRONG, THEY NEVER GIVE ANY DISCOUNTS TO ANYONE.
AFTER THE SHOW, I WENT TO VISIT YOUR RESTAURANT AS SUGGESTED  (ON*/IN)  THE ADVERTISEMENT BUT WHEN I GOT THERE IT WAS CLOSED. ONE OF THE EMPLOYEES OF THE THEATRE TOLD ME THAT IT WAS BECAUSE THEY WERE CLEANING IT TO GET RID OF THE RATS.  I WAS  NOT IMPRESSED WHEN HE TOLD ME THIS.
FOR ALL  THESE  REASONS MY EVENING WAS TERRIBLE AND I WOULD LIKE TO RECEIVE AT LEAST PART OF MY MONEY BACK.
YOURS  SINCERELY 
SINCE I WAS BORN, SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  HAVE BEEN  DEVELOPING FASTER AND FASTER .  JUST  FOR  EXAMPLE,  THE  INTERNET GETS HUNDREDS OF NEW USERS EVERY SINGLE DAY. THIS TECHNOLOGY  HAS CHANGED  OUR  LIVES  IN MANY WAYS AND WE ALMOST DON'T NOTICE IT.
IN MY CASE, I'M COMPLETELY INTEGRATED WITH THEM,  IN  ALMOST EVERYTHING I DO I USE THIS TECHNOLOGY. WHEN I WAS YOUNGER I USED TO READ BOOKS, WRITE, LISTEN TO THE RADIO AND, NOWADAYS, YOU CAN DO ALL  THESE  THINGS USING A COMPUTER. IT'S ONE OF THE MOST USEFUL TOOLS THAT MEN  HAVE INVENTED  .  IT'S POSSIBLE TO DO  LOTS  OF THINGS AND TALK TO OTHER PEOPLE TOO USING A PC.  I SPEND MOST OF MY DAY  IN FRONT OF ONE OF THOSE MACHINES, STUDYING, RESEARCHING, PLAYING AND TALKING TO FRIENDS ALL AROUND THE WORLD.
THIS TECHNOLOGY  ALSO HAS  IT'S BAD ASPECT .  IT  DISTANCES  YOU    FROM PEOPLE ;   YOU BECOME  ISOLATED FROM TRUE RELATIONSHIPS BUT YOU CAN HANDLE IT WHEN YOU  GET  USED TO THIS.
Dear Sir,
I'd like to explain  to  you the problems I  had  when I went to the theatre. The main problem I had was  with  the actor, because he wasn't Danny Brook. Although Tina Truelove was there, I went to the theatre to see Danny Brook.
Another problem I had was  with  the time  of the performance .  It  was going to begin at 19.30 but It began at 20.15 and the problem was that It was raining. I'd like to explain too that I didn't see    you  give   any  discounts to  anyone . I was queuing for a long time and I didn't see it  happen . And I went with a lot of friends and we didn't  get  any discount.
Another  problem  is that in the advertisement you  said  we could visit your restaurant but as it was closed we couldn't   . And we were very hungry after being three hours in the theatre.
And  those  are all  the  problems I  had . And, because of these  problems , I'd like to have my money back. If you don't mind, of course.
Yours,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I met Pat when we were children. We went  (at*/to)  the same school and  were   (at*/in)  the same class. I liked a boy who was in the same class. I told her that and she assured me that she wouldn't say  anything  to him. When we finished  at  our primary school we went  (at*/to)  the same  secondary  school too, but we were in different classes. We went out every  weekend . And when we finished  at  the  secondary  school, I decided go to a foreign University. I  spent  five years there, although I came  back   every   summer  and we continued going out as we  had done  before. When I finished I  returned  to my city to find a job.
 one  day, Pat told me that  she  was talking with this boy and that he told her that  he   liked   me  and immediately she told him that  I  liked  him  too.
A week after that I found him in a  cafe  and he asked me if I would like to be his girlfriend and I accepted. Now, five years later we are going to get married.
Dear Manager,
I  write  to  complain  about the musical show "Over the Rainbow". I had a very  disappointing  evening because of many things.
First the actor was a  very   average  actor.  Then  it  starts  45 minutes  late . Also in the  advertisement  they talk about discount  tickets . Well they didn't  accept     my £20 discount  ticket  . Why ? And  finally  I couldn't visit the  theatre  restaurant after the show, it was closed . Why ? I don't know.
 Also  I wanted to tell you that the show was very  boring . It was  always  the  same . And it was  too  slow.
Because  of  all these things it  obviously  wasn't the perfect evening as  was   said  in the  advertisement . So I  wrote  this letter to ask for my money back.
 Yours  faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, because after I told her that I  had  a new girlfriend, all the school  knew  it in  less  than 2 hours.
I  had  to explain to  everybody  that   I  actually   didn't  have a girlfriend .  I  explained   to  them that  it  was a good  possibility , nothing  else , but  no one   believed  me, because Pat  had  told them that I  had   an   actual  girlfriend. This problem with Pat had a lot of  consequences , because I had a very  heavy   discussion  with her about  it  . It  was so  heavy  that one of  our  teachers had to calm me  down , because I was very  angry  with her. The teacher  sent  me to talk with the principal, who suspended me for  using     bad  language  with a girl.
So I was suspended, I had a fight with one of my best  friends , all because she wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Dear Sir
I  am writing   this  letter to complain about your advertisement  (about*/for)  the musical show "over the rainbow",  which  is misleading in a number of  ways .
Firstly we arrived at 19.15 to be in time for the show, which should have started at 19.30. However ,  it started at 20.15 and we were all very disappointed.
Furthermore, it's written in your advert that Danny Brook is in the play and that was one of the main  reasons     why we went. Imagine how disappointed we  were  when we found out that he had been replaced.
Besides, when we wanted to buy our tickets we were hoping that the  discount  was available. Unfortunately, it wasn't and we couldn't afford  to buy  everyone a ticket.
Finally,  we had planned to eat dinner after the show  at the theatre restaurant and we were very disappointed when it turned out to  be  closed.
 Therefore , as you may understand ,  I'm asking for a refund. These kinds of misadventures can easily ruin your reputation.
I look forward to hearing from you
 Yours  sincerely,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and the rumours  about  me stealing soon reached the director's office.
I was  sent  a letter in which it was written that the director wanted to meet me and my parents. Sweating and  afraid  I waited  outside  the director's office the following day. I was unable to  imagine  what would happen to me if my parents knew what I had stolen.
'You may enter ,'  said the director.
 Tears  ran down my face as I admitted having stolen. I was  surprised  that my father didn't watch me but I soon understood that he was ignoring me.
Mother, on the other hand, looked at me and seemed both disappointed and betrayed.
During the trip home  none  of us spoke. We just sat calmly waiting for this nightmare to be over.
 That  evening my father  said  a few words: 'May this be the end of your  career as a thief  ;  we are only ready to forgive if you  promise  never to start again'
Sir,  Madam 
I  spent  one week in London and during my visit  I had the good fortune  to  see  "Over the rainbow"  (in*/at)  your theatre. But I was not very satisfied after my "perfect evening" out. The advertisement for the Musical Show was very good, but the information was not correct. You wrote that the  main  actor  would  be Danny Brook but there was another one who was really disappointing. In the advertisement  it  was written that the show  would  start at 19.30 but it started 45 minutes later, at 20.15! Because of the advertisement I thought that I  could   get   a  discount  on  the tickets available but I couldn't. After the show I  needed  to drink something in the theatre restaurant  as  the advertisement      conceived  , but it was closed. And there was no reason why <NS type="M"></NS>.
So you can see that it was not a so perfect  an  evening for me  as  I  had expected . Now I hope that you can understand my  request  for some money back because of the trouble I had.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping  secrets . This was the only reason why    she had not  got  a lot of friends. When Pat  first  came    into a class or a  group  of teenagers there were no problems. But after a few  times  the others  would   see  that Pat  couldn't  keep secrets. So they stopped  telling her anything important almost immediately . Sometimes it finished  with  the others only  saying : "Hello, how are you?"  And  then  going  away without listening  to  the answer. This made Pat sad and she became very quiet. During the day she worked hard  so  she  would  not  think  too much. But at night, when it became dark the dreams  would   come . She dreamed about good friends,  the  time that  had  long passed by and she dreamed  (from*/of)  someone who she  could  tell her own secrets.
Then one day she met this person. It was Katha, a girl who had the same  problem   as  Pat. So they  both found  the person they dreamed  (from*/of) .
Dear Manager,
I have recently seen "Over the rainbow" and I must tell you that I'm really disappointed! I found the advertisement about this show in a newspaper and thought it would be fun.
I like Danny Brook as an actor and when I read that he would be starring, I booked the ticket  immediately . But, instead there was a different actor, who I  had never heard   (about*/of)  before!
The show should  have started  at 19.30, but it didn't start until 20.15! So, because of that, I missed my last bus home!
While we were waiting for the show to start, we were thinking of going to the restaurant.  However , it was closed the whole evening, because of some work  being done to it .
As I'm a student, I usually get discounts on  various  things, so I was so disappointed when I couldn't get  one   there !
I'm really upset and disappointed after all this and  I want at least  my money back!
It could have been a perfect evening out, but it wasn't!
yours sincerely
Karol Johannes
How has modern technology changed my daily life?
I belong to  the  generation who  have  grown up with a lot of  new   technology . For example ,  TV, telephone,  microwave  etc. But  in  the last few years,  it  has  changed  and so many new important things  have  been  invented . What I'm talking about are the  computers , which now can be found in almost every home ,  and ,  of course, the mobile phone!
I  thought  I would never need a mobile phone, but my mum and dad gave me one for Christmas last year and now I can't live without it!
But the  invention  that I'm most thankful  (to*/for)  is the  computer  and the Internet! Thanks to  them , I can  easily  communicate with my family and friends at home when I'm here in England. It's so quick and not too expensive either. To use the mobile phone ,  by the way, is very expensive. I usually use it for sending SMS Messages to my friends.
So, I start every day    by   switching  on my mobile phone, to see if there are any more SMS messages before I go to the library to check my e-mail and that's just the  beginning  of the day...
Karol Johannes
Dear Mr. Smith,
During my last holiday in London, I  visited  your theatre in order to see "Over the rainbow". You wrote some things in your advertisement and I was disappointed that  they   weren't  true.
First you have written that the  stars  were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but the  actual  actors were different. It was a  disappointment  for me, because  these  actors were recommended by my friend, because he knows Danny and Tina.
You have also written in your advertisement that it would  start  at half past seven but it started at 20:15! So we had to wait more than a half hour.  I  wouldn't  have   minded  if the restaurant had  pressed in order  to eat or drink something, but it was closed, and  also it didn't   open  after the show, because the waitress had to clean    the theatre   .
 Also   there   were no discount tickets  available as you  had  written  there were  in your advertisement.
So it wasn't a perfect evening for me and  I think about it , if I can have my money back. If it's possible, please write back.
 Sincerely  ...
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and so his  whole   school  knew  (from*/about)  Sara's experience.
Sara was a very good  pupil . She didn't  study  a lot but she knew all  the  important things. She was a very nice person and she  always helped  if somebody  needed  her help.
One day she had to  do  the shopping for her mother. She had to buy a  lottery ticket  and other things for her. After she had done this she went home, but she didn't buy the ticket because she thought there  wasn't   any   chance   of   winning . She spent  the   money      (for*/on)  a  magazine .
After she came home her mother was sitting in front of the TV and looked  (after*/at)  the  lottery numbers . Suddenly she jumped out of her armchair and shouted: "I have won the  jackpot ". Sara was out of breath and after <NS type="M"></NS> she  told  her mother   she hadn't bought the ticket. Her mother  got  angry but some hours later she was friendly again.
Sara couldn't understand the fact   that she didn't do the right thing. She had  lost  a lot of money, so she would be more careful  (with*/about)  doing things <NS type="M"></NS>.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to  complain  about my  visit  to the Circle Theatre during my last    holiday in London. I  saw  a musical show and it was not  my favourite time .
I  was   confused  because     there was a  different actor in place  of  Danny Brook.  Secondly , the show started at 20.15. This is why I was  feeling invited  to your restaurant after  the  show. Unfortunately, I found closed doors and  no  information about the reason. I would like to add that ,  being a student ,  I find discounts very important for my budget.  Also  ,  without any reason  being given   they   were  not available.
I will  be   glad  if you will send my money back.
 Yours   faithfully ,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. This was the reason  why  we were  in  horrible  trouble  with  the  police. What is more, our friends didn't want to talk  (with*/to)  us.
Let's  go  back to the  beginning  of this story. I  and  my friends had  a   holiday  and decided to spend a few days on  an  "island". We called this place    this, because it was a  piece of  land in the middle of our lake. We tried to survive there without returning  (on*/to)     land - to our town. There was no light  (during*/at)   night  so we had to find some wood to make a fire. I was    walking with my friend Pat in a forest when we discovered  some  gold. This is no joke! There was a secret place  where   a  robber  kept   gold stolen  from  a  bank. We found the solution  (of*/to)  this  desperate  situation - to say nothing to anybody. So we tried to keep our secret for 2 days but...
I think you are able to imagine what     happened  later.
Dear Manager of The Circle Theatre.
I'M WRITING TO YOU TO  DESCRIBE  MY  DISAGREEABLE  EXPERIENCE IN YOUR THEATRE    LAST SATURDAY,  (IN*/AT)  YOUR SHOW "OVER THE RAINBOW".
FIRST OF ALL, I WANT YOU  TO KNOW  THAT THIS SATURDAY WAS MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY AND I WAS PLANNING THIS DAY  (DURING*/FOR)  ONE MONTH. MY INTENTION WAS TO  HAVE   A  SPECIAL NIGHT WITH HIM. AND IT WAS REALLY SPECIAL!!!
YOUR SHOW STARTED ALMOST ONE HOUR  LATE  AND  WITHOUT  ANY DISCOUNT FOR US ON THE  PRICE OF THE TICKETS . BUT  THAT  WASN'T THE  WORST , BECAUSE I CAN UNDERSTAND THE TROUBLES  OF   PUTTING ON A PLAY   (ON*/IN)  THE THEATRE. BUT WHAT  I CANNOT  FORGIVE    YOUR COMPANY IS  CHANGING  THE  TIME IT STARTS   AT THE LAST MINUTE , MY HUSBAND IS A DANNY BROOK'S FAN AND HE FELT REALLY  DISAPPOINTED .
 THAT  ISN'T ALL. WHEN THE SHOW WAS FINISHED, WE WANTED TO GO TO DINNER, AS YOU  SUGGESTED   (ON*/IN)  THE  PROGRAMME , BUT THE RESTAURANT WAS CLOSED BECAUSE IT WAS  ON PUBLIC WORKS !!!
YOUR ORGANISATION WAS A GREAT DISASTER. NOBODY  TOLD  US ANYTHING ABOUT THE CHANGES, AND WE WANT    YOU  TO GIVE  US BACK THE MONEY  WE SPENT . I FEEL YOU  LIED   TO  ME AND YOUR COMPANY IS NOT  PROFESSIONAL .
I WAIT  FOR  YOUR ANSWER, AND  FOR  OUR MONEY BACK AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
 Yours  faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Pat wasn't the most popular boy in the school. He was shy, reserved and a very closed person. He enjoyed himself reading,  and  playing piano at home.
Despite his way of  life , his best friend was Anna, the most popular girl in the school. She  told Pat everything that happened in her life .
When Pat was 16, he decided to change his way of  life ,  to spend  more time with friends, but what  could he  do to  get  some friends?
  Definitely  the worse . He started to "sell"  Anna's secrets  to all the boys  (of*/in)  the school who were interested in her. All the boys  (of*/in)  the class went to Pat to  find out  what Anna was doing  (in*/at)  every moment, and Pat was becoming ' friends '  (of*/with)  all the boys.
He was very happy, because he felt that everybody loved him. Everyone    apart from  Anna. She didn't tell him anything  anymore , and Pat didn't have any  secrets  to sell to his "new friends".
 Finally , Pat didn't have any  friends , because he didn't have anything  about Anna to sell .
Is it moral   to get some friends  by  destroying and hurting  other  people? I think  NOT ! And you?
Dear Sir or Madam, I recently went to The Circle Theatre in order to see Over the Rainbow, and it has been quite  deceiving . I am writing to you to  complain  about five or six utterly outrageous facts. In the advertisement for the show, which I  had  picked up in the hall of the theatre,  there are  about five points which were not  true . To begin with, as far as the  cast  is concerned, Danny Brook should have performed  as  the main character, and I saw at the very beginning of the show that he did not. Insofar as I came here especially to see him play, I have been very  disappointed , and this could be the understatement of the year,    as he is my  favourite  actor. Apart from  that , the show should have begun at 19.30 and it started at 20:15! Could you explain  to  me the reasons  (of*/for)  such a huge  delay ? Thirdly, the ad  mentioned  possible discounts.  Personally  speaking, I didn't  see   them  and  didn't even   hear  of  them : I  asked  about it, but nobody seemed to know anything concerning discounts. On top of that, the restaurant was closed for  renovation ! How can you dare  publish  an advertisement for a theatre restaurant if you obviously know  it  is closed? To put it in a nutshell, and quite honestly, I would like to emphasize    the fact that I did not  have  a "perfect evening out" at all,  such  as     was   promised  in the ad. For all these reasons, I would like, dear Sir or Madam,    you  to give  me my money back. I am looking forward to  hearing  from you. Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. If only Paul had  known   that  before...
 It all began  when Paul went downstairs  (of*/in)  the Heavy Sleep. As he closed his eyes, he started to travel  (across*/along)  the dark paths of his  conscience . He went through  the  valleys, plains and mountains of the Dream Landscape. He finally arrived in Faerie, a country of elder elves and strong white-bearded dwarves
While he was wandering in the depths of the forest he felt a little tired and sat on a  huge grey  stone, on  the  top of which he could stare  across  the whole  wood .
All of a sudden, a weird creature popped into his dream. She was taller than a dwarf and as thin as a dying tree. Paul was  wondering   whether  this beast could be  aggressive  when the creature said these words ,  "I am glad to meet you, Paul." The boy could not  believe     what he was hearing. How did the beast  know  his name? "You see, I am a mere product of your mind, but I would like to  get  out of the Heavy Sleep. Please, bring me with you,  (in*/into)  your reality!"
At these words, Paul  suddenly  awoke. Relieved, he thought that bringing the creature  (in*/into)  his world would have revealed the existence of Faerie, and with it, threatened the ecology of the Dream Landscape, when he heard a creepy sound under his bed. He jumped out of his room, locked the door and found his brother, Pat. He told him about his adventures and asked him not to repeat  them .
Unfortunately...one  hour  after  that , a local zoo  keeper  arrived and caught the creature in order to put her in a cage. There she died because     she did  not  have   the  Faerian food necessary  (to*/for)  her survival.
This is how  mankind  destroys what is good and burns the Woods of Dream. This is  why  mankind can't be relied on. This is how secrets are betrayed, and the result   .
Dear Sir: I am writing  this letter to you  because I would like you to know about a musical show which I went to see  (to*/at)  the Circle Theatre. First of all, I wanted to see this musical 'Over the Rainbow' because the actor Danny Brook was acting in it. But when the musical started I  became  very disappointed because Harry Smythe, a not very famous actor, was acting instead of Danny Brook. Then, the musical didn't start on time. It  was supposed  to start at 19.30 pm in the evening but we had to wait for more than half an hour. All the people got very angry. Also I bought a £20 ticket because    the advertisement for the show  said  that discounts were available for £10 £15, £20 tickets. I couldn't have my ticket discounted because when I went to buy it they told me that was untrue. Furthermore,    the advertisement  said  that the theatre restaurant was  open  but when we went there after the show, it was closed because the  the restaurant chef  was ill. It was ridiculous! In conclusion, I didn't have my perfect evening out, in other words, I had a very disappointing evening so I am asking you for my money back. I would like to have my money back in ten days,  otherwise , I  will  have to sue you. I am looking forward to hearing from you. Yours sincerely,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I'm telling you this because I had a big  problem  a few days ago because of her.
Pat used to be my best friend but a few days ago I  found out     the truth.
I used to tell Pat everything about myself - my problems with my parents, my problems with the school, friends and more. I was always talking to her and she was always listening to me but she didn't talk to me very much about herself. At first, I thought it was a bit strange but I didn't care too much about that and I easily forgot it. In other words, Pat knew all my secrets.
I started to get along with other people and had new friends but I continued telling Pat my secrets. My new friends sometimes talked to me about Pat and they asked me once if we were close friends. I asked them why they had asked me that. Their answer surprised me  so  much. They told me Pat used to be a close friend of  theirs  and she used to talk about me and my problems. So, they had already  known  all my secrets for a long time!
I got very angry and immediately I went to talk to Pat. At first, Pat denied all the things my friends told me about  her  but she finally agreed with that. I asked her why she couldn't keep my secrets and she told me that it was impossible for her  to keep  secrets. She was very sorry about that and  a  few days after she moved    to another city and  now  I don't know anything about her. I thanked my new friends for not  telling  anybody my secrets  even  though before the trouble  we  weren't very  close  friends. Now I'm very happy with my new friends and I have learnt that I can't trust anybody too much because you don't really know  what  the person is like.
Elise-Lune 48
1093 La Conversion
17th June 2000
The Manager of
The Circle Theatre
Dear Sir,
Last week, I went to London ,   (in*/to)  your theatre to see "Over the rainbow" and I had a disappointing evening.
 The  problems were : firstly , the famous actors Danny Brook and Tina Truelove weren't there  (for*/in)  your    show, I was unhappy to  constat  that  there   were  different actors  that  evening. Secondly, the  19:30 show  only started at 20:15;  thirdly , your advertisement said: "Discounts available"; but it wasn't the case.  Fourth , the restaurant was closed for  renovation  and you  shouldn't  have  proposed   we   go .
 As  you can see, I'm very disappointed  (for*/about)  this evening out and I think it was a waste of time and money. That's why I ask you to give  me  my money back. I ask you  to give  me £20, back by  cheque .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
 Technology  is the future, and the present. For instance,  the   Internet .  The whole  world is now connected  (on*/by)  it.  The  Internet is the "new" revolution of     communications  and knowledge.  The Internet has existed for ten years now , but we only  used to   use  it for army and government  purposes . Now, everybody who  works  in  a  commercial  company   uses   the Internet every day .
 Technology   also means     all  electrical machines, which don't stop  being   developed . Another example, computers, every six months   something better is  invented .
 Modern  technology has changed my daily life    every day. For instance,     meat   -  we don't cook our meals, everything is already done. Five minutes in the  microwave  and it's ready.  Machines  have replaced the work of     humans .  Every day we use  technological machines without  knowing .
 Our whole  life is  being simplified  by    machines  for not waste the time to work on their  development  .
Dear sir, I'm writing to express my  displeasure  about the organization of the musical show I went to last Saturday evening. According to your advertisement,  Danny Brook should have been there , starring  in  all the scenes. Instead, you changed  the  actor without any warning, so I didn't  see  my favourite Danny Brook,  which was a     total disappointment, as his substitute couldn't  match him  at all. And what about the starting time? I had to wait for about an hour, as the show started at 20.15 instead of 19.30. Another thing that made me angry was that I couldn't  get  a discount. I was very annoyed about it: I only expected the discounts you had promised  (on*/in)  the advertisement and, as I am a university student, I  should  have a right  (on*/to)   one .  On top of everything , your theatre restaurant was closed because it was being  repaired , so I couldn't have my dinner either! It was a terrible evening out, so I ask you for a refund for all the  trouble  you caused me. Yours sincerely,
Most people think modern technologies aren't  as  positive as they are often  presented   to be .
My personal theory is completely different. I  always have  a  positive  approach with all of the most recent  inventions  or any other kind of modern  appliance .
We live in the age of personal computers, of  the   Internet , of the mobile  phone , and now for me it's impossible to think of a world without them.  It's  already four years since I bought my first cellular phone ( since  then I  have changed  it many times) and it is always very useful for me: everyone can speak with me wherever I am. When, for example, I go abroad I feel closer to my  friends  and to my family than before.
Anyway, the thing that has  changed my daily life most  is the personal computer and,  especially ,  the   Internet . For example, now I'm writing my thesis, but I use my  PC   every time  I have to write a document  that has to look perfect .
Then, surfing  (in*/on)   the   Internet  is becoming my passion: it's incredible how many unthinkable activities you can do with it. It's simply fantastic!
Dear Sir/Madam,
During my stay in London I decided to see a musical show called "OVER THE RAINBOW" but, unfortunately ,  I was very disappointed.
 First , as I have read in your advertisement, Danny Brook should have  starred  in this show. A different actor  appeared ,  and  I must say that he was very disappointing.
Secondly, you have written that the musical starts at 19:30. I had to wait for the show for over  forty-five  minutes, because it started at about 20:15!
What is more, it  was   stated  that I  could  get some discounts, but when I wanted to buy a cheaper ticket, it was impossible.
You   also placed   a note about your theatre restaurant  opening  after the show. I wanted to  have  a coffee but   unfortunately it was closed, because the waiter  had gone  out!
To sum up, I must say that this evening out was supposed to be perfect. It was not ,  of course, so I would like to ask you  kindly  for my money back, because some information placed in your advertisement about the musical was not true.
 Yours  faithfully,
In my opinion modern technology has changed my daily life very much.
 First , there are now a lot of things that most people use at home. For example: a fridge, a cooker or just    electricity. We couldn't imagine our life without them.
Secondly,  thanks  to    technology, there are many ways of travelling today. We produce cars, trains and  planes  which are better and better.
What is more, there are many new ways to produce medicines and modern hospital  equipment . It can really help a lot to cure people. Maybe  there  will be a  cure   (against*/for)  AIDs or cancer soon.
On the other hand,    modern technology has some disadvantages.
The main  one  is the ozone hole that affects all the people in the world.
The second is    nuclear  weapons  and  the  many wars   in which modern  equipment  is used.
To sum up, as far as I am  concerned , modern technology has changed my life completely. On the one hand ,  it helps me a lot in daily life, but on the other ,  I'm afraid of the future  every day .
Dear    Manager of the Circle Theatre,
While I was staying in London for a holiday, I went to the Circle Theatre to see OVER THE RAINBOW in the evening. That made me feel disappointed.
First of all, the actor was different from  the one mentioned in  your advertisement. I  mean  he was not Danny Brook. Secondly,  it took times to wait  about  forty-five  minutes, because it started at 20:15.  It should be on time at 19:30. Then it had no discounts, which the advertisement said so . Due to being a student, I think I should have got the discount  (from*/on)  your ticket  price  with  my  ID card. Besides this, the theatre restaurant  closed early . As soon as the show ended, I went    there     to have  a dessert.
Lastly, I don't think that it was my perfect evening. I would like to get my money back.
I look forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Griffin, who is a teacher, wasn't surprised at our preparation. It was  very  close to    his birthday, so we made a decision to hold a small party for him.
She  had just been studying  with us for three weeks. She is not talkative,  but  kind   and reserved. However,  at  this party she  came to    she was responsible for preparing food. As far as we knew,  she was  good at cooking.
While she was choosing vegetables  (in*/at)  a market, she came across him. When he asked her ,  ' Why  do you choose  carefully ?', she answered without thinking. That caused the secret  to be  disclosed.
We didn't blame her, because we knew that she didn't intend to  act  like that. Although he wasn't surprised, he was glad and pleased with our party. Anyway, Happy Birthday to Griffin, again.
Dear    manager
My name is Sally Smith. I went to see a musical show last Wednesday. I had a very disappointing evening.
In the advertisement you said "Danny Brook" is the actor but it wasn't  him . It was somebody else. I went to see the show because I like Danny Brook. The person that  appeared  instead of Denny was not very good.
The show  was supposed  to start at 19.30 pm but it started at 20.15 pm. It was very late. We had to wait nearly an hour. Staff did not tell us why it started late.
When I bought tickets, they  did not discount  at all. I asked them about discounts because I  read   about them  in the advertisement.
They ignored me. We bought tickets without  a  discount. I don't know  whether  they  offered   a  discount  (for*/to)  somebody else or not.
After the show we went to the theatre restaurant but it  was  closed. It closed at 11 pm. It was not our fault that we went in after 11 pm. The show finished late. The restaurant should  stay  open until the show  finishes .
It was not a perfect evening at all. Could I please have my money back? It was £60 for  the  tickets. I was very disappointed about this. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely 
Sally. Smith.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She is one of my  friends  at school. She is very nice, clever, polite and friendly. Everybody  loves  her. If you have any problems, she can give you some  suggestions . If you want her to keep  them   secret , do not tell her. She  cannot keep  secrets. This is her bad point. She always tells someone else about it.
Last week, Tim told Pat about his serious problem. He wanted Pat to keep it between them but Pat did not keep  her  promise. She told us about it. When Tim found out that we knew his problem and  we  tried to help him , he  was very angry with Pat. He  won't  talk to Pat at all. Basically, Tim did not know that Pat was not very good at keeping secrets.
She  does  not know  when she can speak or not speak . We  are  so  worried  about her    future. She has not a lot of  friends  because of this  point .
Dear Sir
I  have  been to London recently for a week's holiday and I have been to a musical show  (in*/at)  the Circle Theatre. When I saw the advertisement  (about*/for)  the show I got very excited, because I always wanted to see "Over the Rainbow", but I had some problems, and I want you to know about  them .
First of all, when I bought the tickets I  got  no discount, and in the advertisement it was  stated  that people would  get  some, and when I got  (in*/into)  the theatre to see the play, I had to wait for almost an hour until the show begun. Then, I got very disappointed because the actors in the play were not those ones mentioned in the advertisement. There were unknown actors, and they were not as good as the other ones. Afterwards, I was expecting to have at least a nice dinner in the theatre restaurant, but it was already closed because the show ended too late.
I  did not have  a perfect night at all, so I would like to ask if I can have my money back. Please give me an answer. Thank you for reading this letter.
Yours sincerely,
We cannot deny that technology has changed our lives. Nowadays, we  no longer need  to spend hours cooking, for example: we just put some frozen food in the microwave, and in a few minutes our meal is ready. We can communicate with people in distant countries in real time, using the  Internet .
There  are  a lot of other examples of how technology has changed people's lives. I  could  not do my school projects without using a computer, because I have to do some statistical analysis that I  could  not do with a calculator. Also, I can communicate with some friends who live in other countries by e-mail almost every day, and I save some money because I pay for a local call, and not for an international call.  Another  thing which is very useful for me is my mobile phone, because people can talk to me whenever they need  to , but on the other hand it is very unpleasant to be interrupted by the phone when I am in an important meeting.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about a musical show  put on  in your theatre. Indeed, I recently spent a week's holiday in London and I went to the theatre to see "Over the Rainbow". It was really a very disappointing evening.
I was disappointed to see that Danny Brook, announced on your advertisement, did not act in this show. Indeed, he was replaced by a different actor for this evening. Additionally, the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30, and I had to pay the full price for my ticket as no discount was available. However, the worst was to come as it was impossible to eat something after the show. Indeed, the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was ill.
I hope you can imagine my great disappointment. Therefore, I would like to ask you     to refund  me my entrance fee, as this evening did not correspond to your advertisement.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Science and technology have played an important role for the last twenty years and the development of    modern technology has especially affected our lives.
To take my personal example, I would  not be  able to live without some of the most recent discoveries, which make my daily life easier. For instance, I can't imagine living without using a computer to write my  school   work , to play a game or to order some goods on the Internet. This    is a new  media  which has changed my life, as it is a marvellous tool  for   communication ,  learning  or  having  fun. Another important change related to    modern technology are    credit cards. Until I  had  one, I  would  often run out of cash and had to go to the bank. At the present time, thanks to my credit card, I can really buy what I want, when I want and where I want!
To sum up, there are many other discoveries  related   (with*/to)     modern technology which affect my daily life. However ,  it would  take  too long to list them all, and I am quite sure that you  are also familiar with  them as they don't change only my life, but everybody's daily life.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about the musical show 'OVER THE RAINBOW' I attended three days ago.
I was very disappointed with the performance and apart from that there were many  other  problems.
Firstly, the    time  of the performance  was    19.30 p.m, but the play started at 20.15 p.m. People were fed up with waiting so long and most of them ,  apart from me ,  were rather  irritable .
Secondly, the well-known star Danny Brook wasn't there, but a different actor  and  I had never heard  (from*/of)  him. From my point of view I think he was such a very bad actor that  it   would be  impossible to  find  another with the same  characteristics .
As far as the tickets  were  concerned no discounts were available, so,  moreover  I found it expensive.
After the show I went to visit the restaurant as it is  supposed   to be  very famous and apart from that I wanted to have a drink.  (At*/In)  the end I had to go home as it was closed because the coffee pot did not work. What nonsense!
The evening was a disaster and I wonder if I have not the right to ask you     to return  my money, as I think  that   would be  fair.
I look forward to hearing from you,
Yours faithfully,
MARIA GARDENT
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
But this time things  had  gone too far.
I've  known  Pat since we were kids. Little by little we were growing up and  becoming  close friends. I  relied  on her and our relationship was excellent. I considered her my best friend and I thought we would never drift apart but now  I   have changed my mind , because she has done something I can't  accept . She has given  it  away to my mother that I told her a lie as far as the weekend was concerned.
Pat told her I hadn't spent those days with her, but with my boyfriend in the  mountains . My mother was so  angry  and she told  me off  so  harshly  that I will remember it  for  the rest of my life.
Moreover I was punished  harshly  by my father and now we don't talk  to  each other.
Since then I haven't seen Pat anymore and she  doesn't seem   to regret   what  happened, so I'll try to forget her and carry on  with  my life ,  that's all.
Dear Sirs,
The Circle Theatre was  once  the best theatre in my opinion, but now, I must change my opinion.
I visited your Theatre yesterday. I would  have liked  to see the best musical show with the best artists.
Unfortunately ,  instead of Danny Brook we have seen  an  unknown actor. We  were  disappointed. Moreover ,  this show did not start at 19.30, but 45 minutes later.
Another problem - the tickets for students according to your advertisement should  be available with discounts  . Unfortunately  I could not buy such  a  ticket.
During the interval I would  have liked   to drink  coffee in  the  theatre restaurant - it was closed. I don't know   why .  I  would not have thought    that so serious  a  theatre  would make  such mistakes.
 In accordance with , I would like to ask you to return me my money.
I hope that your answer will be positive, and in the future in your theatre all will be O.K.
Yours faithfully
What will clothes be like 100 years from now?
"Fashion of the Future" - it is  a  good question. Fashion  is  changing every year. During the next fashion shows we  see  new clothes.
In my opinion ,  in the future people will wear clothes made of    natural fabrics; silk, cotton, leather, wool. All  synthetic  material will be uncomfortable for these people.
Women will  prefer     long skirts and short blouses and jackets. Of course,  the clothes will be smart .
Young people will wear jeans and  T-shirts . Such clothes  are  comfortable and easy     to wear . Teenagers have  no  free time to go to  the   launderette .
Men will wear as  usual  - a suit.
 Fashionable  colours -  they  will be earth colours: grey, blue, yellow, brown.
For special  occasions , for example    a  party,  a  concert, people will  dress  very  smartly . I think that it will be   dresses,  and  suits  sewed  by the well-known tailors.
All materials should be thin, delicate and soft, because of the  warm  climate.
I think that   we will observe a  few     slow changes in fashion, but I hope that new clothes will  always be   pleasant  for people.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing  to  you to complain about ,,Over the Rainbow" , the  musical show which took    place in The Circle Theatre several weeks ago.
First of all,  the  advertisement for the shows provided absolutely  FALSE  information about  the   cast . Danny BROOK, who should  have appeared  according  to  your advertisement ,  was replaced by    another actor and  that  disappointed me. The show should start at 19.30 . However , the audience  waited  for  forty-five  minutes. Also, in the advertisement you  mentioned  discounts which were not provided. The theatre restaurant was closed that evening and I  did not receive   an   explanation  why. On the whole, the evening was boring and disappointing.
Based on everything listed above, I would like to  get   the  £10   which I  paid    back. The ticket for the show is  enclosed .
Look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
How has  modern  technology changed my life ? 
New technologies have become  a  part of our lives. There are a lot of arguments about     whether  this influence is negative or positive. Nevertheless, it has affected every person and hopefully in a good way.
Personally, I consider modern technologies  to be  a positive innovation. Using  a  microwave oven or vacuum cleaner saves me a lot of time.
 A computer  is  extremely   helpful   (in*/with)  writing reports and essays. And, of course, I  cannot  forget about cars and planes that  take  us to all parts of the Earth.
However, many people   insist that new technologies affect people in a negative way. I would    prefer seeing my father talking to his family instead of staring at  blue screen of TV . But also   I  am not  able to imagine my life without  this  nice way of  receiving  news with  help of it .
Counting  the  pros and cons, I tend to think that there are more positive points  (in*/to)   working out  and manufacturing new technologies than negative ones anyway.  A modern  girl or boy  is already unable  to imagine life without them.
Dear Sir,
I  read  your advertisement for the show <NS type="M"></NS> and I went to the theatre to see it but I had a very disappointing evening.
In your advertisement,  it  said that one of the  actors  was Danny Brook but it was a different actor. This was very disappointing and I believe that all the people there   were angry.
The musical show  should  have  started  at half past seven but it started at quarter past eight.
About the tickets,    the advertisement said that discounts would be available but  they   were  not.
Also the theatre restaurant was closed and I do not know why. When I read the advertisement, it said that the  restaurant  would be  open .
Lastly, I want to tell you that I  did  not  have  a perfect evening and I would be grateful if you  would  send me my money back.
I am looking forward to your  reply .
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat was not very good at keeping secrets. Pat was my best friend. She lived  next door  and we went to the same school. I told her all my problems and I could rely on her.
One day I heard my mother  tell  my father that she  wanted  to divorce because she  couldn't  live with him any more.
When I heard  this , I went to my room and I was crying. I called Pat to come to my house because I was not very  good  and <NS type="M"></NS> to tell her what had happened.
 A few  minutes later Pat came to my house and I told her that my parents  were  going to divorce. Pat did not believe me and she     asked  why. I told her that I did not know.
She helped me to forget it for a few minutes, she made me  laugh  and  then  she left. But before she left ,  I begged her not to tell anybody.
The  next  morning I went to school and all the students came  up  to me and told me not to be  upset  because of my parents.
Then I realised that Pat told  them  my secret and I felt very angry, that's why I said at the beginning that Pat was not very good at keeping secrets.
Dear Sir or Madam,
Last Saturday I went to your theatre to see the new musical show   "Over The Rainbow" . 
It was  written   (on*/in)  the advertisement that Danny BROOK was going to  star  with Tina TRUELOVE, but it was not him who  starred . That disappointed    me and the people who just went to see him.
And  regarding  the  time  ,  the show  was meant  to start at 19:30, however it started at 20:15. Therefore, people there had to wait for 45 minutes. Also,  it  was said  there   would be  discounts  (for*/on)  the  tickets  but I  had  nothing like this. All  the  people there  paid  the same amount of money. After the show, I went to the restaurant in the theatre to eat something but it was closed because it was being cleaned that day.
I had a horrible evening, just the opposite of what I expected, so I want my money back.
 Yours  faithfully,
THE BIG  MISTAKE 
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. It was a big  mistake  to  tell  her a secret, especially an important one.
It all started two years ago. Rod was a happy man at that  time . One day, while he was gardening, he saw an old lady being kidnapped by some strange  men , who he ran after and  one of whom he caught . Just then, the strange man took out his gun. Rod jumped on him and the man killed himself    (by*/with)  his own gun. Nobody saw  and  nobody heard what had happened.
Rod told this to nobody, except Pat, his best friend. One day, when they were arguing, Pat was very  anxious  and told what she knew to  the  police.
Rod was arrested that day and was sent to prison. He  was then  killed by the other man who escaped that day and was caught soon afterwards.
Rod's grave is now in prison. And these lines  are written  on his gravestone:
Here lies the  body of poor  Rod,
Never give your secrets away,
This is why poor Rod died.
And everyone was surprised.
Mr. Manager:
The  purpose  of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical    "Over the Rainbow",  which  really  disappointed  me.
First of all, there were no  discounts   available   such  as     were promised   (on*/in)  the  advertisement  so I had to pay the original price  which  wasn't cheap at all.
Then, I was forced to wait  forty-five  minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75  instead  of 19:30 and ,  when it finally started, I was really  disappointed  to see that the actors weren't Danny and Tina as it  had said   (on*/in)  the  advertisement .
Finally, when the show finished, I couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed for repairs.
So, as you can see, it wasn't my perfect evening out at all . That's  why I demand you  send  me my money back.
Your really  dissatisfied   customer 
How has modern technology  affected  my daily life?
Since the  beginning  of human life, people have invented ways to make their  lives  easier. That is not  different  from now. We live  surrounded  by inventions  which  help as through the day.
From the vehicle we use to move faster to the light bulb we use at night, we constantly  depend  on these inventions to be able to  do  the things we have to do.
That's why modern technology is so important in our daily  lives , because it helps to make our  lives   easier  and to do what we have to do faster so then we can use  our time better .
Dear Manager,
I'm writing this letter to you because I had a very disappointing evening  (to*/at)  your theatre   and I would like to explain what the problems were.
Firstly,    I read  (at*/in)  the  advertisement     that  the actor would be Danny Brook ,  and this is one of the reasons why I  went  to the theatre. But     I had a   big  surprise   when  I saw that  it was a different actor  ,  and I was very disappointed.
Secondly,  according to  the  article  the times were 14:30 and 19:30. I  preferred  to  go  at 19:30 because it is better at night and it wouldn't finish late, but the  show  started at 20:15 and we got bored waiting  for it  to start.
Another reason why I was disappointed was that you said there would be  a  discount available but there wasn't.
 Finally  ,  I was  planning  to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because a machine was broken. This was very disappointing.
As you can see ,  there were many problems with the theatre and I would like to ask for some money back as     compensation  . 
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. The next morning at school everybody was looking at me  (with*/in)  a strange way. Nobody was talking to me except the ten  people  who I invited to my party.
At first I didn't know why but after a few seconds I realised that telling Pat about my party wasn't a good idea. I was very  angry  with her .  I didn't know what to do ,  I was afraid that I  had  lost all my friends.
After a few seconds of  thought  I went  straight  to Pat. "Why, why did you do that?" I said . She  looked as if she didn't want to talk to me. I ignored her ,  I couldn't do anything now. Everybody knew about my party and I had invited only ten  people . I was confused. I wondered why I made the mistake  of   inviting  Pat. I guess I didn't know that she would have  told   people .
After  much  confusion ,  I decided not to  have  a party for my birthday so I could  get  all my friends back. And that's  exactly what I   did  even  though  I  was  alone  (at*/on)  my birthday. It was much more important to me to get all my friends back.
 (With*/From)  this  experience  I learnt that there are a few friends who are real friends     whom  you can trust.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Last night I went to the Circle Theatre to see the show "Over the Rainbow", and I have to say that I had a very disappointing evening, even though I heard that the show was exciting.
Two days before I read  an   advertisement  for this show,  which   said that  Danny Brook was starring. Unfortunately ,  last evening there was a different actor and that was very disappointing.
Apart from that ,  the show started at 20:15 ,  not at 19:30, as it     said  in the  advertisement  and the theatre restaurant was closed when the show finished.
I am in London for a week and I  have  to say that last evening I had an awful time, so I want some of my money back.
I am looking forward to  receiving  your reply with my money.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Pat and I had been friends for a long time and as my best friend he knew all my secrets.
Yesterday afternoon, when I went home, my mother  wanted  to talk  to  me  (for*/about)  something, so I went  (in*/into)  her bedroom to speak  (with*/to)  her. She told me that she knew that last Saturday I went  (in*/to)  a party without  asking  her and that she had to punish me for that. She told me that I had to stay at home  (for*/at)   the  weekend and not  go out  with my friends.
When I went  (in*/to)  my bedroom I  realised  that Pat had told my mother  (for*/about)  the party, because  no one  else knew that my mother did not know that <NS type="M"></NS> . 
I called him and we had a big argument. Pat is not a reliable person ,  so he is not my best friend anymore.
Dear Mr Smith,
Last week  my family and I  had a holiday in London. At the end of  the  holiday we decided to go to the theatre. I insisted on going to your theatre, to the Circle Theatre, because I have heard that it is one of the best theatres in London. That  day  you  were showing  ,,The over the Rainbow".  As  you have written  (at*/in)  the advertisement: it is    London's newest and best musical show. But  my family and I  had a very disappointing evening.  This was because ,  firstly ,  (at*/in)   it said in the advertisement  that    this music show would  star  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but it wasn't so. Danny Brook didn't  act   (at*/in)  the performance, there was another ,  unknown ,  actor. And he  acted   awfully , I couldn't hear him. Then  (at*/in)  the  advertisement   it said  that  the  performance  began  at 19.30.  My family and I  came  (to*/at)  that time and had to wait till 20:15, because the show started only at that time. I was very   nervous  . What is more ,  you wrote that discounts  were  available, but  that  was also  a  lie. After the show I was very disappointed, because I spent a lot of money for nothing and my husband decided to  make me a pleasure . He suggested  having     supper in your theatre restaurant. But when we  got  to it, we saw that the restaurant was closed, because it was  being  reconstructed. But why do you mention about the restaurant  (at*/in)  the advertisement, if it is closed? So this evening was  terrible . It  spoilt  all my impression  (about*/of)  London. And now I  request  my money back , because      I didn't get anything that was mentioned in the advertisement .
There are a lot of new modern technologies around the world, which  appeared  not long ago. Among them ,   the  mobile telephone, computers, telefaxes, different  appliances  for  the  kitchen,  machines  which  help   housekeepers  to do any work about the house. All of them play a very great role in people's daily life. The first change is that they  greatly  simplify the life of people. For example, now women don't spend a lot of time  (at*/in)  the kitchen, preparing the meal or washing    dishes. They can  just   turn  on their  dishwashers  and go to do something  that  they think more pleasant. So with the appearance of new  modern  technology people have got much more free time. The computer also plays a very important role in  the  daily life of people. Some years ago people ,  especially students ,  had to run to  libraries  in order to find a book about something. But now they can use  the  Internet, where you can find any information you need.  I use the Internet very often , and I must say it is very  convenient .  Another   piece of  modern technology that I use is a mobile telephone.
If I need to say something important to my parents or my friends,  or  if something  terrible  has happened  (with*/to)  me, I  do not have to  run somewhere to find a telephone box. I just use my mobile phone. Finally, I can say that modern  technology   really   helps  people  (at*/in)  their  work . With  it  people do their work more  quickly  and successfully.
I'M  WRITING  THIS LETTER BECAUSE TWO WEEKS AGO I WAS IN LONDON AND I WENT TO THE THEATRE TO SEE YOUR MUSICAL SHOW. AND  (FOR*/THROUGH)  SEEING IT MY FAMILY HAD A VERY DISAPPOINTING EVENING AND SO DID I    .  YOU CAN READ BELOW MY POINT OF VIEW  REGARDING   THIS .
FIRST OF ALL, WE COULDN'T SEE THE FAMOUS ACTOR "DANNY BROOK"  BECAUSE  HE WAS ILL . I THINK THAT  THE MUSICAL SHOW SHOULD HAVE BEEN CANCELLED FOR THIS ALONE .
 ON THE OTHER HAND  WE THOUGHT  OF   VISITING  THE THEATRE RESTAURANT BUT IT WAS CLOSED BECAUSE THE    SHOW DIDN'T BEGIN AT 19:30 ,  AS WE  HAD  READ IN THE ADVERTISEMENT ,  IT BEGAN AT 20:15.
IN CONCLUSION ,  AFTER OF ALL THESE MISTAKES THAT HAPPENED IN YOUR  THEATRE  I ASK FOR ALL MY MONEY     TO BE  RETURNED TO ME.
PLEASE GET IN CONTACT WITH ME AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
YOURS FAITHFULLY
 NOWADAYS  THE MAJORITY OF PEOPLE HAVE A COMPUTER IN THEIR HOME AND SOMETIMES WE  ASK  OURSELVES  IF   MODERN TECHNOLOGY WILL  CHANGE OUR DAILY LIFE.
FROM MY POINT OF VIEW THE ANSWER IS OBVIOUSLY "YES". FROM OUR HOME WE CAN USE IT FOR DOING A LOT OF THINGS LIKE  BUYING  FOOD;  WORKING ,  READING  NEWSPAPERS AND MANY MORE THINGS.
ALTHOUGH IT MAY BE BAD BECAUSE WE NEEDN'T  GO  OUT     TO DO      IMPORTANT  THINGS AND  BECAUSE OF  IT WE DON'T  MEET  NEW PEOPLE AND    WE HAVE LESS CONTACT WITH    PEOPLE.
IN CONCLUSION I THINK THAT    MODERN TECHNOLOGY WOULD BE BETTER IF WE KNEW HOW IT  OUGHT   TO BE   USED .
To the manger of the Circle Theatre Mr Smith
Caen, Saturday June 17th
Mr Smith,
I have recently been to London on    holiday    so I decided to spend my  free time  going to the musical show you were advertising   . It seemed very attractive and the     information  on the ad pushed me into going to it.
Unfortunately, I've been really disappointed. I'm not keen on liars ,  Mr Smith ,  and I think that you've lied to    naive  tourists  like us: some brilliant actors were supposed to play the  parts  and we only had different ,      pitiful  ones. Moreover the show was expected to begin at 19.30 but it was delayed  (of*/by)  forty-five minutes. It is a shame! I ought not to talk about the restaurant ,   which was  closed for no apparent reasons
You had promised a perfect evening but I  spent   a  horrible one  there  and you ruined my holiday!
 What do you take us for , Mr Smith? Foolish idiots? We did not deserve such  a  bad show. That's why I want my money back! Now!  Otherwise  I'll have to put some  other  ads  out  in London saying that your show is just a  fraud !
How modern technology changed your daily life!
To begin with, I'd like to underline how the  importance  of technology has increased  (since*/in)  a couple of years. With the end of the Second world war and the  beginning of  economic prosperity ,  many goods like  TVs ,  washing machines , etc. became cheaper and  more available . Nowadays, the Internet and the mobile phone ,  with the  development  of satellite  communication  ,  seem to take the lead. Do they affect my daily life?
As far as I am concerned, the first way modern technology  influences  me is  (in*/through)  my work: the  Internet  has become such an incredible tool, I can    research  (about*/into)  everything I want, find  information  for lectures ,  for example ,  or  exercises . The internet is really the widest source of knowledge.
Nevertheless, new technology has made me    more lazy. I spend a lot of  my  free time watching TV, or surfing on the Internet or playing  on  the computer. Maybe it  will  change me into a kind of  self-centred  person, a loner.
But the positive way new technology  has  changed my life is in  the  way  I   communicate . It made it possible to discover, to talk with new people on the Internet but also to join and to be joined by my friends or parent. I can send e-mails or use the mobile phone. But we should not forget that  they are  only tools and  should   emphasise  human relationships.
Dear Sir,
I am  writing  in order to complain about the musical show ,   the   name of which is  Over the Rainbow ,   which  I     saw  in your theatre recently.
I like  this musical very much  and while I was spending some days in London I     saw   your  advertisement so I decided to go to see it.
First of all ,  I had problems with tickets because I could not get the discounts that you mentioned in the advertisement. It was a  pity  but it did not  annoy  me because I thought that the musical was good enough to pay £ 20  for .
So I entered    the theatre to enjoy the musical but I do not know the reason why it started at a quarter past eight (three quarters  of an hour   late ).
Then I got  irritable  and I thought that the organization was very bad because nobody explained  to  us the reasons  why   the show was late starting .
Finally, when the musical started I realized that Danny Brook, my favourite actor, was not there. In your advertisement his name was in  big  letters and in the musical  there was a different actor .
After the show I decided to go to  have  a coffee and to smoke a  cigarette  to try  to calm  myself and suddenly I could see that the restaurant was closed because it was the  barman's day off .
I am very  indignant  because I wasted my time and it was a horrible evening so I would like you  to return  my money and take  note  of all these problems. If you do not return my money I will send a letter to a lawyer.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
HOW HAS MODERN TECHNOLOGY CHANGED YOUR DAILY LIFE?
A long time ago technology wasn't an important  thing  for people because they didn't appreciate it.
Change  wasn't   common  and Governments didn't invest enough money  (on*/in)  it. Nowadays, technology is changing our life every day.
For instance, modern technology is changing the way I work. My computer is faster and it is able to do a lot of things  that I wasted a lot of time on  before.
Not only are    computers useful for  storing  information but also computers can give you a lot of information  thanks  to  the  Internet.
On the other hand, I  realise  that modern technology  is not  as good as people think: I hate mobiles. I know that some people need them to work but I can't understand why teenagers need  them .
To sum up, modern technology is changing my work, my life, and my friends.
Maybe it would be a nice idea to  analyse  these changes and to put limits  (to*/on)  technology, because I think that the most important  thing  is  to understand  our life and  know  the ways we  can  improve it.
17 June 2000.
 Dear Sir or Madam 
I  have recently spent  a week's holiday in London, and I have just visited your theatre to see a musical show and I would like to complain  (with*/about)   a  couple of things.
First, I  would  like to complain about the main   feature   ,  which is an actor . He  might  be  well known in England, but on the night, he performed abysmally. Secondly ,  a lot of people were not very impressed with the  delay , because all of us  at least   had  to wait for almost an hour  (until*/before)  the show  started .
Also, a lot of people were  enitieising  about the facilities ,  which  were said  to be  serve  in  the  advertisement. For example, the discount for the tickets  was  not available, and  in particular  a lot of people were disappointed that they  couldn't  visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed, due to the cleaner  forgetting  to clean up the mess from the previous party.
Lastly, I  do not think I would call  this    my perfect evening, so I would like to ask for a refund, and I hope as  the  Manager of London's newest theatre, you  will  handle the situation   favourably  .
Yours faithfully.
Seung Phittikhun.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . Although  he's one of my best  friends ,    sometimes, he's a real  pain in the butt .
Pat and I knew each other very well, because we are neighbours, so since we've met, Pat and I  have always got  on very well. We always go to the same school, and  he  often  makes  more friends than I do, and  every time   he      introduces   me to them . Even though Pat has got a great sense of humour and wonderful personality, he'll never be able to keep any  secrets   (for*/from)  anyone, even himself.
Although, we are great friends,    sometimes people can make such    stupid  mistakes , and so there was one time when Pat and I had a fight . It  all started when once I  accidentally    took the wrong bag back to my house, and there  were  lady's knickers inside .  I was so nervous and  embarrassed , so I  told  Pat and  off he went  :  he  told  every single  student  in the school that  I'd  stolen  a   girl's  knickers, and everyone started to call me a pervert.
So that's when we had a fight. Anyway ,  Pat eventually apologized to me and we  are still  best mates as ever.
Dear Mr Brown,
I went to the Circle Theatre yesterday, to see the play "Over The Rainbow" and I must say that I  was  rather disappointed.
First of all, the play was supposed to start at 7:30 P.M. but it actually started    at 8:15 P.M. so I had to wait forty-five minutes. Also, your advertisement    says that discounts are available.  That  is  not quite  true because when I asked for  one , the woman who sells the tickets replied with a resounding ,  " No ".
When the play finally started, and the two actors entered the stage, I could see that the male one was not Danny Brook,  contrary   (from*/to)  what the advertisement    says,  which  really disappointed me since he was the only reason that I came to this play.
But my complaints are not over yet. After the disappointing performance  of  the actor who replaced Danny Brook, I went to the theatre restaurant, and, also  in contrast to what was said on  the advertisement   , it was closed. There was only a small sign  stuck  on the door, saying that it was "closed for repairs".
So, unfortunately, I must say that last night was one of the worst nights I ever had, and  having  given the reasons, I expect  to be   able  to count  (with*/on)  your sense of  responsibility , so, I feel that I must ask for my 20 pounds  I  spent on that terrible night.
yours  faithfully ,
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
As we all know, technology  has improved gigantically  over the last 20 years, and today, it affects us in many ways.
First of all, we  have all become  much more sedentary than in the past. Most of the modern jobs  involve  computers, so there is no physical effort, just mental, but, on the other hand, we improved communications with computers and  the  Internet,  the  kind of communication where there is no need to meet personally, to see the other person, just the need to talk.
Also, with today's machines, factories have significantly increased their production,  which  brings progress to humanity, but also, with the  continuous  replacement of men by machines,    unemployment is increasing too, and today, it worries every single citizen of the world, specially the ones who  live  in third world  countries .
So, men have invented machines to help  them   (on*/with)   their  tasks, but nowadays, we  are  becoming slaves  (of*/to)   them . The most important thing in the future will be knowing how to deal with machines, so, today's children must be introduced to computers  (since*/from)  an early age, so that they  can  have a chance to compete with the furious  emearrence   (in*/of)  the future.
Dear Manager of the Circle Theatre.
I am writing regarding    our visit to the Circle Theatre  on  the 17th June.
When we saw your  advertisement  for the musical show, over the rainbow, we  immediately  decided that this  would  be a perfect evening out. There  were  in our opinion two reasons for that, our favourite actor Danny Brook and the opportunity to visit your theatre restaurant  afterwards .
However ,  the evening  was  very disappointing. Firstly, Danny Brook was not acting, there was another ,  unknown actor and he was not good. Secondly, the show was supposed to start  at  19.30, but did not start until 20.15.
Thirdly, in your  advertisement  it  said  that discounts  would  be available, but  they   were  not.
 Furthermore  the restaurant was closed because of  a  water  leak .
I am therefore asking for    compensation for our disappointing evening and hope we can reach a  solution  as soon as possible.
Yours  sincerely 
Adra Johansson
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. It didn't take more than one day before everyone knew about my decision. I had thought about it for many years but never been able to  realise  my dreams. This year I had the opportunity to  make my dreams come true .
However ,  I wasn't sure if my decision was right and therefore I decided to discuss it with Pat.
Pat  has been  my best friend   since we first met in primary school.  That  is now twenty years ago.
I really like Pat, she's funny, has a good  sense  of  humour  and like me she loves to discuss everything.
So therefore, my  decision  to ask her about my decision was the best  thing  I could do.
She really  listened  to me and told me that I  was doing  the right thing and persuaded me to send in my application  (for*/to)   a  language course in England.
I wanted to keep this    a secret until I received the answer from the School. But it is  OK , I still like Pat, even though she can't keep a secret.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I saw your advertisement yesterday. I have visited the  Circle Theatre . I would like to say that I am not satisfied  (of*/with)  it.
First of all, there were    different  actors . I was disappointed. The other point is that the organization was very bad. For example, it  was  said the show  started  at 19.30 but it started at 20:15. I  waited  around one hour. Now I have a cold because it was so cold  that  evening. Thirdly, I would like to enquire    about the tickets. Firstly, twenty pounds  is  a lot of money for such a  organization  ;   also  it  was  said that  a  discount  was  available. It  was   untrue  .  I  paid  twenty pounds.
 The other thing  I would like  to ask  is    why it is said this is    London's newest and best musical show. I can  say  it is the worst musical show. And I was invited to visit the theatre restaurant after the show. But it was closed because there  was  not anything to drink or to eat. Finally it was not the perfect evening out.
In conclusion, I really did not like it. I want to ask if it is possible to give me  my  money back.
I look forward to your letter.
Yours faithfully
Modern technology has changed my daily life very much. At    present,    technology develops rapidly. In my opinion,  the   world   cannot  do without it.
Firstly, I would like to mention    that in our daily life we always use some technological  appliances . For instance,  a  TV-set, stereo, microwave oven and others. Another point is that with the help of    technology we can communicate with the whole world. Without doubt,  the   invention  of the computer is the most important technological event. It is very useful. Almost everything is  dependent on     computers , for  example, education,  research   (of*/into)  the  universe  and  other things .
Another thing I would like to say is that modern technology  helps  us to  get  anywhere  we want to go  rapidly. The most  suitable examples  are    planes.  The  other  thing  I would like to mention  about  how important    modern technology is  concerns the fact   we   study  our  planet , other planets and many other things with     its help . Finally I think that at    present    life is more comfortable  than it was in the past .
In my opinion, no one can do without modern technology. It  continues  to develop and always will be the most  important   thing  in our life.
Dear  Manager  of the Circle Theatre
Last  Sunday  my friends and I saw that advertisement about the  play  you were supposed to  put on . We thought that it was a good chance for us to watch it.
"Over the  Rainbow " was supposed to start at seven thirty. We went there on time. We waited  there  for  forty-five  minutes for it to start! We couldn't believe it. We really got bored ,   like  all the other  people  there.
We were very disappointed because before this happened we  pouded  the tickets but there were no discounts available. And then  delate  forty-five   minutes  to present the show .
Then we expected to   see Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. We did see Tina Truelove but we did not see Danny Brook. That was very  disappointing .
Fortunately the show finished. We decided to visit the theatre restaurant. But it was closed!! That was  a   badly  organized evening ,  we thought. When we asked why  it was  closed ,  the people there told us that they did not  organise  it before . 
I must admit that   that evening wasn't the perfect one    for me  but I and for my friends either . It was the worst evening that we all  had ever had . My friends and I demand our money  back   very  soon. And please do not be very  surprised   if  you  receive  more letters about this . 
Unfortunately ,  Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I  made  a big mistake by trusting him. What a fool  I was .
Last Wednesday my sister told me that our grandmother had a serious illness and she was going to die. She told me to tell  no one . We didn't want  our   grandmother  to find    out at that moment so we  were  trying to keep it secret.
I knew Pat, my cousin, loved our grandmother very much. She and Pat had a special relationship. Despite the fact that I had to  say  nothing ,  I thought it was right to tell Pat the truth. After a lot of thought I told       him.
Pat started screaming and shouting. I knew he couldn't stand it. But I was sure he would  say  nothing. I was wrong. He told me that he had to tell       my grandmother. I couldn't do anything.
 When  Pat left my house he went right away to the hospital. He found her there. And the worst happened.
My grandmother was very sensitive and bored  with  life and when she  heard  it ,  her condition became more serious.
After two days she died. Pat ,  my sister and I felt very  responsible . But there was nothing we could do. We knew we had lost her for ever.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I went to the Circle Theatre to see the musical show "Over The Rainbow ".  Unfortunately, I had a very disappointing evening, because very little of what was  offered  in the advertisements was provided.
Firstly, we were informed that Danny Brook was starring but a different actor was starring in the show and he was really disappointing. Secondly, in the advertisement it  said  that the show was to start at 19:30. However, it started at 20:15, almost an hour late. Thirdly, it  said  that discounts were available but we were again frustrated,  seeing  they were not available. Finally, although we were informed that the theatre restaurant would be open after the show, it was closed because the show had started late.
As you can see, most of the  offered activities  in the advertisements were not provided. We did not have "a perfect evening" as it  said , actually we had an evening full of the theatre's mistakes and were extremely disappointed. I  think  it will be better for your theatre's reputation to give at least some of my money back.
Yours  faithfully ,
MY LIFE AND MODERN TECHNOLOGY
Here we are, in the 21st century... We live in a technologically well-developed world, having every opportunity for communication, education and entertainment. Almost everyone has televisions, computers and electronic devices. But how has modern technology changed our lives?
If I were to talk about my own life, my speech would be simple: "My electronic  alarm clock  wakes me up in the morning. I go to school by underground. When I come home, I cook my meal in the microwave. In my spare time, I watch television, play with my computer, or chat  (in*/on)  the  Internet ..." There is no sentence without electronic devices. I wonder what I could do without them... I don't go out with my friends or read books. I have friends  (in*/on)  the  Internet  and can learn anything while surfing    it. I sometimes get bored or feel isolated, because I know I am living in a virtual world.
When I look at my life, I can understand I am dependent on the machines. My daily life is programmed    to the virtual world I created. Modern technology has changed my life completely.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Recently I had a week's holiday in London. During my stay I went to The Circle Theatre to see "Over the rainbow",    "London's newest and best musical show." I have to admit that  this  was my great mistake. Never before had I  had  such a disappointing evening.
First of all, there was an old, ugly, and unknown actor in the main part instead of  the  brilliant Danny Brook!
To make matters worse, the show started at 20.15, although the advertisement  said  it would begin at 19.30.
Moreover, there weren't any discounts, and I had to pay much more for my ticket than I had expected.
And  on top of everything  your theatre restaurant was closed because of the waiters' strike, so I had to look for another place to have a snack.
You can imagine how upset I am at having suffered such discomfort and disappointment. It wasn't a "perfect evening out" at all! That is why I expect at least half the ticket price back. I hope you will give this matter your immediate consideration. Otherwise I'll have to apply to  the   courts  for aid.
Yours faithfully,
Fashion of the Future.
What will clothes be like 100 years from now? This question is not simple to answer. On the one hand, science and technology have been developing rapidly, and God knows what new materials will be invented in  the  future. We probably will be wearing dresses made of synthetic    cloth in 2100. Of course,  these  new  materials  won't be so harmful  (for*/to)  our health as today's nylon and other things like that.
On the other hand, people tend to wear natural clothes today, made of cotton, wool  etc . This tendency may result in  rejecting  synthetics  completely .
And it is even more  difficult  to predict  what     clothes  (of*/in)  the future will look like. People's   imaginations   are  enormous.
Anyway, we'll give up wearing fur coats as it is cruel and uncivilised.
Manager Date 17-06-00
xxxx
Dear Sir,
I'm writing to complain about the performance    of  Over The Rainbow at The Circle Theatre on the 14th of June. It is always a great opportunity to enjoy a musical when you go on    holiday to London. London is one of Europe's biggest   centres   and you can always  find  the best in show business  there .  Recently  I decided to  see  Over The Rainbow, a very famous and  well-known  show.
Firstly, the  evening  performance was 45 minutes late and there were no discounts available as the advertisement  had promised .
Furthermore, I was  shocked  when one of the main  actors   came onto  the stage. He wasn't Danny Brook, one of the  reasons  for my choice  of coming to see Over the Rainbow .
Finally, the Theatre Restaurant was  being   refurbished  so we had to find another one for  our  evening  meal .
This wasn't "my perfect evening out", as  promised , and I'll make a claim for half the money back. I'm looking forward to receiving  your  reply as soon as  possible .
Yours faithfully,
Kim Nissen
How has modern technology changed my daily life ?  A century ago, when a farmer took the horses out of the stable and put the  plough  behind them,  we've got  the word "time". Why not talk about    social life just sitting around a table  with no  rush.
 Today  we have to  carry  a mobile phone. I visited an airport some days ago and in nearly every crowded corner   I could see those busy people  who are  always on their way  somewhere . I heard the different  ringing tones , and ,  what a miracle ,  you can change them on the train when you are restless.  A new world has opened up  in  our times  ;      tangible  proof of this is the computer. I can send and save information and the possibilities are  infinite . In nearly every home you can find  one  and the users now and in the future are the new generation.
I must say a few words about the new electrical cars which surely will have a central role  to play ,  especially  today when fuel is so expensive. Watch  how   highly-advanced   technology   can be   appropriate  and helpful for me and others ,  if we only remember the importance of  taking  time to be together.
Dear Sir Brown, I'm writing this letter to complain about the musical show that I saw. I  didn't have  a good time! Firstly, Danny Brook didn't act. There was  another  actor, James Kee, but I didn't like him! I had gone to the theatre to see Danny Brook but he wasn't there. In addition to  that , the show didn't start at 20.15; so it ended at 23.45 and I couldn't go to a meeting. I'm very disappointed  (for*/by)  all these problems! Your theatre is very disorganized! The ticket's price was £20 and there  weren't  any  discounts ! After the show, I wanted to eat something, but the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was in Italy for a special course. I  didn't have     great fun, so I ask for  that  money back.  Yours  faithfully
In fact, some days before Karin, a friend of hers, had told Pat that she had fallen in love with John, her  science  teacher. Pat was astonished, and didn't know what (she)  should   tell  Karla.
The teacher was 40 years old, and Karla was only 16 (years old). This  age  difference was too big!
Besides, Karla was a shy, polite girl that Pat wanted to help.
So she decided to tell Hill  the whole story . Hill  liked  Pat very much, but only as a friend. He was 19 (years old), so Pat thought   that he  would   know  what was the best thing to do.
But the situation wasn't simple, so Hill decided to discuss it with Mary, the teacher's  cousin . They agreed that Karla's love was only a dream. So they went to talk with her about the situation, but when she knew that they  knew  her feelings  (to*/for)  Mr. Beek, she decided not to tell Pat anything  ever .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing this letter to you to  point out  the difference between your advertisement for Over The Rainbow and  what happened in  real life.
When I saw your advertisement  (on*/in)  yesterday's newspaper, I thought that I would have a perfect evening as you  wrote   (on*/in)  your advertisement. But now I am thinking that it was a waste of time.
I am a fan of Danny Brook and he was one of the reasons why I chose  to see  Over The Rainbow, but I didn't even see him on the stage.
Moreover it was written  in the advertisement  that the musical was between  14.30 and 18.30 .  Surprisingly  the show started at 20:15. That destroyed all my plans. Then I decided to have    dinner at your Theatre Restaurant after the show, but unfortunately it was closed.
I think   all of these disappointments are too much for one evening.  All in all  I am sure that you  have understood  it wasn't my perfect evening out and you will give  me  my money back.
I am looking forward to hearing your good news . 
 Yours    faithfully  ,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. That was also my fault. I don't know why I  told Pat this . But I thought Pat and I were best friends.
Yesterday Larry suggested going to  the  cinema after school. This was the most wonderful suggestion I have ever had. Going to  the  cinema with the boy I love. It sounded really good. Of course I accepted  immediately . I was    walking  (on*/in)  the clouds  for  the whole day until I saw Pat running towards me. I suddenly remembered that I  had promised  Pat  that I   would help  her with her history homework. She came  up  to me and said "Ready for this evening? Don't forget  to bring  your history books." She was very nervous because she was about to fail. I told her that I  wanted  to tell her something. Then I explained what  had  happened that morning. She  was going to  cry. "I see. You  are choosing  Larry, but I thought that I was your best friend." After hearing this, I told her that I am deeply in love with Larry. I told her not to tell  anyone this . She said OK angrily.
After school Larry and I went to the cinema, but  (on*/at)  the  entrance  there was a beautiful girl waiting for us. Larry told me that she is his girlfriend and then I told them I had to go home. When they asked me the reason I told  them  that I promised my Mom to  stay in  with her. They said OK and I went home. When I closed my  bedroom  door I burst into tears. I don't know how long I cried...
Next morning I went to school again. Everyone at the school  knew  about my love  (to*/for)  Larry including him. Pat was the only person who  had known   about  it.
That showed me not to trust anyone.
Circle  Theatre 
To Mr. Smith, Circle  Theatre 's manager
20th June 2000
Dear Mr Smith,
 By the following , I would like to inform you that  I attended  your new musical show,  the   name of which  is "Over the rainbow", last Saturday evening, 10th June. I'm writing  to  you to make a complaint  (on*/about)  your advertisement, which I consider    a lying advertisement. Let me explain  to  you why I'm now so disappointed.  I had  one  week's  holiday in London with my husband for our honeymoon. We had  prepared   this   quite  a long time ago, this  trip  to the capital and  saved  a lot of money as well.
We are both very keen on  musicals . We've already  seen  "Cats", the "Phantom of the Opera", "les Miserables", "Grease", and so many others. When we saw your leaflet  that   mentioned  "London's newest and best musical show", we were so enthusiastic and curious that we  immediately bought  the tickets. On the    evening,  people stood at the entrance    who were shouting at you because there  weren't  any discounts available. One thing that you promised on your leaflet. We didn't have trouble  finding  our seats, but we found  it  very annoying to  wait  45 minutes before the show  started  and more  than  that your famous actors  definitely weren't  Mr Brook and Mrs Truelove and we can also add that your restaurant wasn't opened because of  hygiene   problems . I can say now that "It wasn't my perfect evening out" and I  now request  some money back for all these  annoyances .
Yours sincerely,
To International Post magazine
Application for the shopping trip to New York
Dear Sir or Madam,
Please find enclosed my  thoughts  about the fashion of the future. First of all, I think we should consider the  way   people are dressing at present  to see how it's going to be  developed   (into*/in)  the future. Everyone has  his  own style but it's obvious that many of us  are  wearing the same clothes  as  others. We all follow the new collection on the market. Today it's wearing  short trousers  and yesterday  it  was wearing  torn jeans . What we wear is also influenced by models,  the   media , or new  collections , which come from Paris, London, or New York. These new clothes are often very expensive ,   which's   maybe why  not everyone can afford to buy himself the newest clothes on the market. In 100 years, it's possible that  everyone  will  develop  his own style using all the new materials like plastic, latex ,  everything possible,  as  a way to create  their  own clothes.
In my opinion, I think that people will  not wear  clothes anymore, just  be  natural,  being  nude and feeling free, like many many years before. Because, I think that people need to find  their authenticity again .
I  hope  that my article  appears  in your magazine.
With Best regards.
Dear Sir,
My name is Furilo J.M. and last month I spent a few days in London ;  I visited  your  theatre.
The reason I'm  writing  this letter  (for*/to)  you is that  (in*/during)  my  stay  in London I felt very disappointed about your theatre.
When I went to that theatre I was very excited because I was thinking I would see my favourite musical star, someone  who  actually didn't appear ;  I noticed  that  in the show,  there was  someone completely different  (of*/to)  him so I felt bad.
Moreover, this  complaint  is not only about the actor,  whoever  <NS type="M"></NS>, the problem is that the show started too late. I arrived there at 19:00 and the show began     at  20:15.
 When  I bought my tickets, I noticed I didn't  get  any  discount   like   the one that  was written on the folder. After the show I wanted  something   (on*/from)  the theatre's restaurant, but it was closed.
After all the  inconvenience  that made me feel really mad. I think I can  only forgive your theatre  if you give me a refund of the money I spent there, and some    more for all the problems I had.
Yours faithfully,
Technology nowadays is something everybody has on  his     mind. Every person in the world looks  (for*/to)  technology  every day  to improve the way they live their own  lives .
We young people don't remember when technology wasn't part of our daily life, but our parents, or  grandparents  remember  it   well   from  when they were young, and everything was made in a different way . For  example our parents didn't have computers at home when they were teenagers.
Nowadays, it's very common to have a computer  (at*/in)  your house, and when you have to do  some  homework, you can type it on your computer, print it and bring it to    school . Also  you can search for new subjects on the  Internet .
Finally, technology is a word that  we  will never get out of our minds, and we don't know how   ,  or   (in*/at)   what  speed ,  it will develop  (to*/in)  the future. Maybe, technology will never stop  advancing  and our life will never work without computers.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I have seen the advertisement for the musical show and I realised that there were some mistakes.
First of all, it  is said  that the stars  are  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but the actor was not Danny Brook.
The show should have started  at  19.30. However it started at 20.15. We  were  kept waiting for 45 minutes.
The tickets were sold for £10, £15 and £20. We were told that    discounts were available but they were not.
We were planning to go to the theatre restaurant after the show but when we got there we saw that it was closed  for     cleaning.
We had expected a brilliant show but we were very disappointed. I think the people who came there should be  reimbursed .
 Yours faithfully ,
If we compare a person who lived a very long time ago with another one who lives now, we will see a very big difference between their clothes.
People used to wear very  different  things from the clothes we wear now, we wouldn't even say that they are 'clothes'. We would probably think that these things they wore were just to cover and protect themselves.
Nowadays the aim  (in*/of)  clothing is not just for covering and protecting ourselves. People try to look nice and clean by wearing good clothes.
The things that people wear are changing  all the time , everyone tries to be  different  in    public and very different sorts of clothes are being created.
The things we wear may not seem  like     'clothes' to the ones who will live 100 years from now. I  believe  they will wear very  different  things.
Mr. Manager,
I went to the Circle Theatre to see a musical show called "Over the Rainbow", and I was very disappointed  (after*/by)  it.
 First of all  I would like to say that it  started  later than it should  have  .  I had to wait for about  forty-five  minutes.
Then I realized that Danny Brook did not appear in the show ,  which was very  diappointing  for me because I like this actor very much, and I think that I was not the only one who was upset.
Another disappointing thing was that  the  discounts were not available, which made me a bit angry. Why did you write that they were available?
I think that the most disappointing  thing  was that  the  theatre's restaurant was closed. I would  add  that I was hungry after the show.
It was not such a perfect evening out. I would  instead  say that it was a very disappointing evening, and I would like to have my money back as soon as possible or we will meet  (at*/in)  court!
Yours  sincerely ,
 First of all  I would like to say that modern technology has changed my daily life very much.
Every day when I get up I  check  if there are any messages left for me like e-mail or SMS  (in*/on)  my mobile phone. They are very  useful  things which sometimes are  necessary  to survive.
Modern technology has    a big influence on our life. It is easier. We can communicate with people by using mobile phones or telephones ,  which are the best things ever made. I use them very often in my daily life.
I THINK THAT TELEVISION HAS the biggest influence on our daily life. I watch about four  hours   of  TV a day .  I even eat my meals in front of the TV. We can see PEOPLE'S LIFE in other countries ,  which is very interesting for me and my friends.
Also  the   Internet  has  an  influence on my daily life,  because  I can find there many interesting things, or I can meet with people from all over the world ,  which is exciting for me.
I think that life  without  modern technology would be  simple  and  boring  . That's  why I am using it in my daily life .  I am happy that there is such  a  thing as modern technology.
17-6-00
Dear Sir/Madam:
I am writing to complain about the musical show ,  Over the Rainbow, presented in your theatre on 15th of June.
I went to the theatre to buy the ticket and expected to  get  a discount as I was a student. However, the salesman in the box office told me the discount tickets had  sold  out. I could not understand why but  I  still bought the ticket because I was crazy about Danny Brook. Then, I went into the theatre on time but became a little bit angry  (for*/after)  waiting until 20:15, forty-five minutes after the expected starting time. Furthermore, I was so disappointed to find out that Danny Brook was not on the stage and the leading actor sang so  badly  that I left the theatre before it finished.  Last , I went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it needed cleaning.
I think it was definitely not  the  perfect evening     guaranteed  in your advertisement. I look forward to having a full refund in the very near future as I did not enjoy it at all.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Now everybody in the class knew my mum was a cleaner and teased me for having  that  kind of mum. I was so sad about it and did not forgive Pat even though she  apologised     thousands of times.
A week later, when I was still in a bad mood, my form teacher, Mrs Brown, talked about jobs in our English lesson. She told us there were numerous types of job in the world. Some offered a high salary while some did  not . However, they are  equally  important for our society. 'Who wants to be a doctor?' She asked. Many students raised their hands. 'Who wants to be a lawyer?' Again, many students put up their hand. But when she asked who wanted to be a cleaner, nobody raised his hand and I felt so  ashamed  that I lowered my head. 'Cleaner is a very good job.' Mrs Brown said  (with*/in)  a loud voice. 'If there were no  cleaners , who would clean the school for us ? Who  would keep the environment nice and tidy ? ' Suddenly, all  my  classmates applauded and smiled  (to*/at)  me with respect. The teacher also grinned and I was so impressed and repeated the words in my heart: 'All    jobs have the same importance.'
Dear Sir,
The reason    I decided to write you a letter, will, I guess, surprise you. I hope you will not feel  offended , but I really  need  to  complain  about your  theatre .
I was present at your musical show: "Over the rainbow".  I  was very excited thinking about being at the theatre, and I  thought  with certainty I was going to enjoy my evening.
Plus, I felt very pleased when I heard that Danny Brook was part of the play: he used to be an old friend of mine in  high school  and  perhaps  I  had  found him    here! You can believe I was very disappointed when I saw that he actually was not  performing  and I was more bewildered that  no one  made an  apology  for it! How rude!
Moreover ,  it was written that the show was supposed to start at 19.30; it actually started at exactly 20.15! 45 minutes  later : where we had nothing to do, but  wait . We couldn't even have a drink, because, obviously, the restaurant you talked about was closed!
Really, what a mess  (in*/with)  the administration. Although, I would have felt better if I had had a discount on my ticket, as you  mentioned  in the advertisement, but unfortunately, these couldn't possibly be  given  either! I am sure you are smart enough to think of paying me back, so you do not lose a faithful  customer .
Sincerely yours,
If more and more   engineers   work  (on*/in)  science and technology, it must be  because  it is really  useful : but in what particular way?
For my part, I know it would be such a  pain in the neck . The more I think of it, the more I realise I use modern technology a lot. I guess I could not live without  lots of   devices .
The first  thing  I think of is  the   Internet . What a great invention! It allows me to learn anything without having to travel  (through*/to)   lots of  libraries as I used to do. It also  allows  me  to write  to my friends by e-mail. I did not  write   to people at all  until I  had  got  on   the   Internet .  (By*/With)  this procedure, you only type and send, no need to  go  to the  post office !
Of course this is just because I am lazy, I actually could force  myself  a little, and then go to the library and to the  post office , but  the   Internet  just makes it easier!
I am also very fond of cell-phones. These are also    a relief. I can go anywhere without being  worried  about the fact   that maybe someone is trying to reach me!
Modern technology changed my daily life by making it easier and by turning me into a lazy woman. Nevertheless, this easy life has then offered me  the chance  to be more  relaxed  and I think it is essential.
   I am thankful to modern technology!
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to share with you some feelings I have after watching a musical show   which was  put on  at The Circle Theatre last week.  Unfortunately  my feelings are rather bad.
I had a week's holiday in London last week, when I saw your advertisement concerning  the  'Over the Rainbow' musical show. The advertisement looked pretty interesting and I  decided  to go to the theatre to watch this musical show.  This was especially  due to the fact that I wanted to see Danny Brook - my favourite actor. I was really disappointed when I saw a different actor. The 'theatre'  did not even   apologize  for this  change . To make things worse the show started 45 minutes later than it should have    ( it  started at 20:15 instead of 19:30). Despite  my   being  a student and the advertisement  saying  that discounts were available, I was refused    a  half-price  ticket, and the  explanation  'why' wasn't  sufficient . I tried to relax after the show, so I made my way to the theatre restaurant, which ,  according to the advertisement ,  ought to  have been  open at that time. Unfortunately it was not, which made me even  angrier . There was no information  about  why it was closed and if it would be open at all.
The advertisement  says  'your perfect evening out' . However  ,  it was the worst evening I have had in London. I would like you  to give  me my money back.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I told her about my plans on Monday . However  ,  on Friday almost half of my class knew  what was  going on. I was the only boy in my class who didn't have a driving licence. I wanted to tell them about this after I  passed  the exam. Saturday morning I went to the driving  centre  for my first lesson. I had never driven a car before. I  hoped  that nobody  was  watching me. Unfortunately ,  Pat was there and half of my class. I felt terrible. The  instructor  opened the car  door  and asked me to sit  (on*/in)  the  driver's   seat . It was the worst time I ever had. At the beginning I couldn't start the engine. Then I drove very slowly very  often  crossing the white line on the road. I looked  (at*/in)  the mirror and I saw how my friends were  laughing . It made  me  crazy. I started doing stupid things:  turning  right instead of left and so on.
 The next  day, I decided that I  didn't  want to go to school any more. I was afraid that everybody would comment  on  my first lesson. I wish I hadn't told Pat about my plans.  Eventually  ,     things weren't so bad. I went to school and everyone was very friendly. Pat  apologized   to  me for not keeping  my  secrets. At the  beginning  I was very angry but in the end I said that everything  was  O.K.
We are good friends nowadays . However  ,  I will never tell her my secrets.
Dear Sir or Madam
I'm  writing  to you to complain about the musical    that I saw when I went to the theatre  (on*/during)  my holidays in London.
First of all ,  I had read in the advertisement that it would start at 19:30 and that I  could get   a  discount, but it started at 20:15,  which   meant  that I had to wait for  forty-five  minutes, and there wasn't any discount on tickets.
 To my surprise  Danny Brook never  appeared . There was a different actor instead and it  made  me very  annoyed . He is my  favourite  actor and I  paid  to  see  him not to  see  a different actor.
Finally at the end of the  show  I decided to  go  to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it  hadn't  been  repaired    . I think you  should have  told people about this in the advertisement.
I was a bit disappointed because you  said  that it would be a perfect evening and it wasn't.
I enclose my postal addresses and I will be looking forward to a  complete   refund 
Yours faithfully
Fashion of the Future
 We could see all over the human being  How    fashion  has changed  in its colours and styles, Since the first men on the earth started to wear  some  kind of clothes because they were a bit cold
Asking people about the Fashion of the Future you realise that there are different opinions. Adults think that  the  new coloured clothes   that young people wear are horrible  and  very untraditional. Most of them believe that they are kind of crazy or  evil . They think that in the future they will change and start to wear more formal clothes.
On the other hand young people believe that in the Future things'll be very different. Carol,  a   16-year-old  girl, said ,  "I imagine clothes in the future  will be  very  strange .  Maybe  they  will be   in  many  colours  and they  will  be very  tight . They  will  be  synthetic  clothes, I think ,  made of plastic or something similar."
Most young people  like  Carol believe the same and use their minds to  imagine  the variety of clothes in the future. After  all  ,  they'll be the ones that  decide   what  the Fashion of the Future will be like.
Sir Manager,
My name is Sandre Atos, I am  writing  to you because    last weekend I went to the theatre   you manage, to see what was called "London's newest and best musical show". However, I must say, it was quite the opposite.
First of all, Danny Brook, an excellent actor, who (according to the play advertisement) was supposed to perform, was replaced  (for*/by)  a disappointing actor. Besides  that  the spectacle was  meant  to  start   at  19:30, but ended up starting at 20:15. In addition to all this, the promised discounts  (in*/on)  the tickets  were  not offered. Finally, after the play the theatre restaurant was still closed. Sir, I couldn't believe     it , everything that was in the advertisement was a  lie .
I was told that I would have a perfect evening, though instead of that I had a terrible one. That's why I am  writing  to ask for some money back ;  I believe I have this right.
Some people glorify technology as if it was the best thing  that   has  ever happened in their lives. However, since I was a child I have noticed that ,  except for the medical facilities and achievements, it has brought    me more disadvantages than advantages. I still remember the day  the  television came to my house .  I was only seven, everybody was  excited  about the new "toy", however ,  what seemed to be only one more way to get together, turned  out  to rule our lives.  Unfortunately  my parents did not realize how TV was  creating a role  among us. Before TV, we used to spend our nights   playing cards, telling jokes, talking to each other. Nowadays, I barely know my parents, but I do know exactly what is happening in the soap operas. On the other hand, due to  scientific   developments , I am getting better, recovering from  asthma . In addition to this it is wonderful not  to have  to wait too long to eat, thanks  (for*/to)  the  invention of microwaves . Despite all these advantages, I deeply miss the times I had almost no technological  devices , but a very happy and united family.
Manager of the theatre:
I'm writing to you because I'm very disappointed. I'm not from here (this city), so I wanted to know everything about it:  its  culture, history and the famous musicals. Everything was perfect and beautiful till yesterday. Yesterday I wanted to go to the theatre to see a musical   . I went to the theatre to see    what time  the show was , 19.30 . That  was  OK  so I bought a ticket.  (In*/At)  that moment my problems began. I couldn't get any discount; that  meant    that the advertisement was wrong, but I bought the ticket anyway. Then I had to wait 45  minutes  ;  the show started at 20:15. Then Danny Brook wasn't acting,  there  was a different actor.  (In*/At)  that moment I was  really  angry, so to calm down I went to the theatre restaurant, but it was closed, because of its bad  hygiene  and food. That was too much. "Dear" manager I hope you  understand  me,  and  I ask for money back and I hope this  won't  happen again.  Bye 
First of all ,  I think we have grown  up  with    technology. It's difficult for us to  recognise  the changes in our  lives , but we can think about  them . How has it  changed  my daily life? Well, in one word it made my life  more comfortable . Now I only  need  to push a button, and things or  machines  work on their own. Homework is  easier  to  do   (in*/with)  the  computer  than  (in*/with)  a book sometimes. Everything is faster, and sometimes technology  goes  so fast that I'm unable to follow it. Modern technology showed us that we could do anything we wanted to, and it  makes  us  think  more about  our  future  jobs . Maybe, I won't be able to understand how the things  work  and that  scares  me .  I will be useless, because a  machine  will do all the work.
Dear Sirs,
I refer to your  advertisement  in the Herald Tribune where you advertised    the Circle Theatre and the recent musical: Over the Rainbow.
On Saturday, June 5th, 2000 my wife and I wanted to  have  a nice and enjoyable evening and decided to go and see the musical.
When we arrived at the theatre we     realised  that there were no  discount  tickets available as  were  mentioned in your  advertisement  so we had to buy the most expensive ones. After that one of the theatre assistants told us that the  show  would  begin  at 20:15    instead of 19:30    as  advertised . So we had to  rest  for a while and had a drink.
 To make matters worse  Danny Brook ,  who was  advertised  as one of the starring  actors  in the musical ,  was not acting this evening. You can imagine how disappointed we were ,  especially  as  the  Danny Brook's acting  was the main reason     we   went  to see the musical.
On top of this we  intended  to go to the theatre restaurant ,  which was closed because of building activities.
As you can imagine we were very disappointed and it wasn't a perfect evening out .  I would like to have 50% of the  price  of the tickets back.
I am looking forward to your  prompt  reply.
yours faithfully,
Heine Bitz
What would we wear in 100 years time?
Fashion will always be an interesting and important subject for all ages. Today the fashion  industry  has a great importance in the commercial market. In the next 100 years there will be no change in that but    fashion is going to develop in a special imaginative way.
Firstly, the material of which clothes are made  is   of  a wide  variety . There are the natural  materials  on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry  produces  more and more  synthetic   materials , which  relay on  the production cost.
In 100 years most    clothes  will be  made from  synthetic  material.
Beyond  that  colours will play an important role in the next century for    fashion. Light and bright colours will be very common.  The contrast will be especially   attractive .
Furthermore the style of the clothes  is  going to be more crazy and  individual  but there will  still be   numerous  clothes for     conservative  people.
 On balance  fashion in 100 years time will be  comfortable  and colourful. The fashion industry will deliver a wide     variety of      styles ,  materials  and  colours . There will be clothes for  everyone's   taste .
17th June, 2000
Dear Sir/Madam:
Or  to whom it may concern :
I am  writing  to you because I had a very disappointing evening at the Circle Theatre.
Well  it  seems to me that you should know what  happened  there.
First of all, I read your advertisement where it was written that the    show started at 19.30, but do you know    what  time  it started? It started at 20:15! Don't you think  that   shows  a lack of respect? Really it  does .
I forgot to tell you that there were no  discounts available . And  the  tickets were too expensive! Most people couldn't afford them.
 And another thing , when the    show was over, I was really hungry. But as I had read your advertisement I knew there was a restaurant. So I went there in order to have something to eat. But can you believed it ? It  was closed.  Completely  closed. So I asked someone who seemed to be in charge, and he told me that it was too late to have a meal. This really  disappointed  me. I was both hungry and angry.
Well I think that is all, but I will ask you to give  me  my money back.
Looking forward  to  hearing from you.
yours Faithfully
Secrets
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Maybe this is how my story begins.
Well first of all ,  Pat was a very  good  friend of mine. He was really a good friend, until something  happened .
I was attending college, as I normally do. With nothing to lose, at all, but on the contrary, with a lot to learn   .
I was very keen on English lessons, maybe because I was sitting near the Boy I  loved . Yes, I think this was the only reason. His name was Cody. He was a very handsome and  good-looking  boy. But  more than that , he was a very kind person.
Pat told me that he was also in love with me. He told me that it was  necessary  to do something about  it . But I didn't know what to do.
Pat suggested  I   talk  to him. But I really didn't  manage  to do so.
As Pat was  losing  his patience, he decided to talk to him. I can say that I was very  nervous   and  anxious about what was going to happen. He didn't  keep  my secret.
Pat told him that I was in love with him. This was my secret and now it was not. But  even  so, I think it was for the best, he was also in love with me.
But on the other hand I will never trust    Pat.
Dear sir or Madam,
I have recently had a week's holiday in London and, during my stay, I went to see the musical show 'Over the rainbow', which was shown at your theatre.
 First , the advertisement said that there were discounts  available , but when I went to buy the tickets there were not any discounts.
As if this was not enough, the show, instead of starting at half past seven as the advertisement said, started at a quarter past eight and one of the main actors, who was supposed to be Danny Brook, was someone else.
On top of  everything , the restaurant which was  advertised  in the advertisement was closed because it was being  arranged .
You can imagine how  disappointed  I felt after that evening, and I am writing to ask you for a     refund  of part of the money.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
I think modern technology hasn't changed my life a lot, but it has in some things: I work with music and with graphic design too, and computers help me a lot  (in*/with)   these  things.
In music, before  I   had  a computer I could only write my compositions and 'listen' to them  (into*/in)  my mind, because, of course, I haven't got an orchestra to play them, but now I  can just  record one part, and then another part, and then another one.. and I can get the sound of every instrument ,  controlling it with a keyboard, or even create new sounds.
In graphic design, before  I   had  a computer I  could just  draw, but now I can create pictures pixel by pixel, develop ideas more easily, or  put  photographs into my computer and transform them or mix them.
But, in other things, I think modern technology hasn't changed my  way of life  too much: I do more or less the same as I did some years ago: I get up in the morning, go to school, have lunch, study and go out with my friends without being  affected  by microchips or nuclear energy.
Manager of the Circle Theatre
17th June 2000
Dear Sir,
I am  writing  this letter  referring  to the show "over the Rainbow" you  put on   on  the 10 of this month.
I read your  advertisement  five days before, and I was  really  impressed by it. But, the quality of this show wasn't what you  led me to believe it would be ,  and  I feel  really  disappointed by it. I want to give you some details about my feelings.
First of all, you  advertised  a  cast   including  Danny Brook, but he wasn't there! Secondly, the show should start at 19.30, and in fact it started 45 minutes late. Then, I am a student, and when I bought my ticket, there  weren't  any discounts. Finally, I  had hoped  that I could have     dinner  in the restaurant after the show, but, to make  me  totally disappointed, it was closed, and I had to find another restaurant at 22.00.
So you can imagine how  satisfied I am  by your  claiming   it would be a "Perfect Evening".
For all these reasons, and if you want to keep me  as  a  customer , I would be  grateful  if you  gave  me some or all  of  my money back.
Looking forward to hearing from you,
Yours  sincerely ,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
My marks  weren't  good  enough  to obtain my degree in Computer Science, and the exam session was finished. There was no  way  to    obtain the diploma.
You need more explanations  (about*/from)  me to understand my  motivation  at the end of this story. In fact, I did this kind of  study  because of my interests in programming. The problem is that I can't keep calm during an exam   .
That's why I decided to hack  into  the teacher's computers to change all my marks.
I never talked about this project to anyone,  except  my best friend Pat.
At the end of the exam session, all students and teachers meet together for a big party, to celebrate   .
During this party, Pat drank too much. And when he was totally drunk, he started speaking. Then, the teachers made copies of their  files , and my project wasn't possible anymore.
So  congratulations  everybody. And I think I will still be  here  next year.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to  complain  about the evening at the Circle Theatre presenting "Over the Rainbow". It wasn't at all like what the advertisement for the show had promised. I will try to explain below:
To start with, the show, which was supposed to start on 19:30 started on 20:15 so you can understand that we were 45 minutes late getting out as well. Then,  there  were not any discounts available for the tickets as    was written on the advertisement. What's more the theatre restaurant was closed for some reasons and we couldn't get anything to drink or eat after the show. On top of everything ,  Danny Brook, the star of the night, was absent and his role was performed by a different actor. You can understand how disappointing this was for all of us.
I am sorry but this wasn't my perfect evening out. I would like to ask for  a  refund because the whole evening was very disappointing and it  was  not worth the money  paid 
Yours faithfully
As we can understand by observing the fashion of each century, the style of dressing changes  radically   (through*/over)  the years. So we can easily understand how different the style of dressing will be    100 years from now
In my opinion, there are two possible fashions for the future. If humans  change  to be more free from social rules, I think that their  dress  will also be very extreme and unlimited. There will be a variety of colours and fashion styles. Everybody will wear anything he/she likes, choosing clothes from any century they  wish  without this being strange. On the other hand, if human society  changes  to  become   stricter  and more limited, there will be only 2 or 3 types of clothing, formed by the needs of    society. All people will look about the same and mostly dark colours will rule   . Perhaps the style of their  dress  will indicate their position in society too.
This is  what  I think  the  fashion of the future will be like. The most exciting  thing  about this is that people won't think that their clothes are strange ,   just  as we don't think    ours  are .
Dear Sir/madam
I am writing with regard to your  advertisement . During my 2  weeks'  holiday I  wanted  to attend a musical show. It was my  favourite   musical . I was very  hopeful  that I was going to have a good time. But there were  a lot of  things which went wrong.
Firstly, I  had  no discount  when I   paid .  Secondly  there was  a  delay which got me into trouble .  After the show I couldn't catch my train. Because I didn't have any plan I decided to have    lunch in  the  theatre restaurant. But it was closed. The worst thing is that I couldn't  see  my  favourite  actor. I was so  disappointed   (with*/about)  that. I couldn't  concentrate  on the play any more.
 In contrast to  the  advertisement  everything was  disappointing . I regret  to have  to demand all my  money   back . I hope you are going to be take into consideration my terrible  experience .
I am waiting for a satisfactory answer . 
Yours faithfully
Azami
Technology has developed  increasingly  in recent years. As a result of this our society has changed a lot.
On the one hand technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier. On the other hand we have faced some problems, such as social and environmental problems.
Nowadays students have  many  more  facilities  in education than before. Although in those days the only way of learning was reading. These days we can use  a  computer, television and some sophisticated equipment ,  which were  unusual   once .  Then   (to*/with)  technology we can reach any place in the world easily. We can get    information more quickly. Technology has a huge effect on our  spare-time  activities as well. Children play  with   computers  instead of  the   usual   toys .
Despite the huge  advantages  ,  technology has affected our lives negatively. There has been  a  change  in the   relationships  between people. People are getting more and more lonely. We have noticed the  environmental  damage in recent years.
While we are using technology, we should take into consideration  the  environment. We shouldn't allow  the world to be exploited . If we want to leave a good world to the next generations, we should behave more respectfully  ( against */towards)     nature.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about your    show. We had a very disappointing evening yesterday. We thought that we would like to let you know all  the  details  of   what      went wrong .
First of all, we went to the  theatre  to pick up our tickets. We were thinking  we would   get   a  discount on our tickets, because we had    read  this   (from*/in)  the advertisement but they didn't discount the prices so we had to pay  the   full   price  for the show. We were ready for the show at 19.30. We sat  in   our   seats  and waited for the show but it didn't  start  on time, it started at 20.15 which was  a   ridiculous  time. We waited for 45 minutes.
Secondly, when the show started, I was looking for Danny Brook, because this actor was the most important reason for me  to see   the show . I realised that it was  a  different actor playing instead of Danny  Brook . I was very disappointed. After  the  show we went immediately to the  ticket  office     to ask   for   our  money back, but they were  too  strict and  intransigent . They just said, " We  don't give money back."
 Next  we wanted to eat something at the Theatre Restaurant, but it was again  a disappointment , because the restaurant was closed.
Finally, we had a totally  miserable  night  (with*/at)  your show. You can't take this bad feeling  away  but you might give us our money back. This would be the first good  thing  for us  to come  from your show.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Mr. and Mrs. Smythe
People   who  live  in the city   use lots of technological stuff. They make their  lifestyle  much  easier   and   faster   because they need to catch up with    other people .
In the  twenty-first  century ,  things are changing very fast. If we look at    family life , they  have   a  lifestyle  which is  typical  of  these times . Children have  their  own televisions, computers and telephones in their room. Mother and Father have  their  own cars and mobile phones. Sometimes even the children have  their  own mobile phone as well.  The house  is  full of technological tools and instruments  : fire  alarm, burglar alarm, house temperature  gauge , automatic garage door ,   etc . They use all of this because they want to do their work   and leisure activities with  the help of these devices .
 (In*/On)  the other hand,  they  use all this too much. For example  the  mobile phone :   people  talk  (with*/on)  it on the street, in the car ,  almost everywhere. Some of them  because they need to  ,  some of them not.  They are just   wasting  time on it. They don't even think how they  make  the communication lines    busy . How  many people  are  on the phone at  the  same time ?  Too many . 
Anyway ,  technology is the most important thing  (for*/in)  our life. It  develops  day by day. The problem is ,     do  we really use it properly or not?  
Dear Sir,
I am writing with reference to  a   visit  I made  (for*/to)  your theatre    last week.
I have to admit that it was not as I expected; First of all, the main reason I went to see "Over the Rainbow" was its actor, Danny Brook. It was very disappointing when I realised he wasn't  (in*/on)  the  stage .  Besides  this, I had to wait three quarters of  an  hour before the show started. During this time, I decided to have a drink in the restaurant but, as well as being closed, there was  no  nobody from the staff that could help me. I couldn't believe it! I would never have imagined this could happen in such a well-known theatre. Furthermore, you talk about discounts in your leaflets and  there  were  none  available, so, it was an expensive evening!
I know you will understand my frustration and that's why I would like a total refund of my money or at least another ticket that  goes with my wishes .
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. However, she was a close friend and I couldn't accuse her of  anything  else.
I won't  ever  forget the day the doctor told me and my Mum the  truth   (of*/about)  my strange disease. He just said there weren't resources to  cure  it at that moment but... I  burst  into  tears  as  did  my Mother. It seemed the end of something lovely ,  step by step. I  became  conscious of my problem and despite being a personal matter I decided to  tell Pat about it . I still remember her words: "Don't worry about anything. My lips are sealed".
I  really did trust  her when three days after I went to school and I could  see  I was  drawing the attention  of everybody. I couldn't stand being watched and my  fury  led me straight to Pat. She tried to apologise but it wasn't enough for me. My best friend had let me down.
From that moment, I  refused   to be  with anyone until I met Cold, a sensitive dog, the one who would keep my secrets  for ever  and would be near me until the end. Sure!
Dear Sir
Owing to the bad organisation of the last play that was  performed  in your theatre  in   recent  weeks ,  I want to  tell  you  about  some incorrect information that I found in your advertisement ,     as a result of  which    all the problems that I had  occurred .
First of all, I think if you go to a play and you are watching to see your favourite actor playing a good  role  and then  there  appears a silly one, who doesn't know what to do, it is  disappointing    .
Secondly,  the whole   audience  were waiting  for  the  beginning  of the play at 19.30 and it started at 20.15 ,   so  I would like to know why    you say one time in the advertisement  and  why    you do what you want.
Another thing that I want to know is why you didn't  give  any discount  though   one  was  advertised  in the advertisement.
Maybe,  it   is  a good way to get  an audience  but I'm going to  tell     my travel  agent .
When the play was finished I was looking for your theatre restaurant but it was closed because ,   as   was written on the paper that was on the door , it was too late.
I  don't think it was  my perfect evening out so I wait to be  refunded .
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so she lost all her school friends.
 It all  started when she was fifteen, when  she  started a new course  (on*/in)  the institute and met some girls that  in  time    would  become  her friends.
Three years passed and ,   as  is normal between friends, she knew a lot of things about them ,   as  her friends knew a lot about her
When it was time to  take  the final exam, she became ill and she couldn't do it so  the  teachers decided to allow her to pass the course because she had a lot of good marks ,  but  on the other hand  the principal  disagreed     and didn't give     permission  to pass her.
She had to repeat that course and all her friends passed and  as  is  usual   the  girls from the last course became popular.
Pat, to win her new  classmates'  friendship ,   told   everything   that  she knew about her friends and ,   because of  what Pat said, her friends  ended   their  friendship with Pat because their popularity was damaged.
Pat's classmates  did  the same and Pat  ended up  alone.
Dear Mr. ...
It wasn't the first time     I   saw  this show in your theatre, but it was the  worst  one.
At first it was a great  pleasure  for me to get a ticket     because  I'm one of     Danny Brook's greatest fans . It's not that  problem that there was no more discount available - but I had  chosen  it, because I'm ( allowed ?) .
When  the  musical started at 20:15 (not at 19:30 as  advertised ) I was  really   shocked  when I realised that a different actor was playing  his role . I couldn't stay any  longer  and had to leave the theatre.
You have to know that I am very  sick  because of my blood  pressure  and so I was laying down the  whole  weekend. In my opinion it's    simple    for you to pay me  back the money I spent . Otherwise I have to contact my  lawyer .
I am waiting  to hear   (of*/from)  you.
For me ,  as  a  scientist ,  it's a  big  problem to show how the  innovations  of the last century   went  up with  the environment and  nature .
In  the  past new technologies  were  mostly followed by ground-, water- or air pollution.
 Nowadays a  simple thing like a computer  includes  so many possible ways  of   destroying  different  environmental  compartments  . On the one hand there are the materials from which the  PCs  are made   , on the other hand is the  huge  waste problem   .
Now I try to show, in my daily work, how the airborn chlororganics, which are  degased  from plastics, will be  separated  and damaged by green plants.
Sometimes it seems to me like  a  joke if I  think about  all the  dangerous  materials I need to do my job. Nevertheless, in my opinion, the only way to find a better  way  of living with    nature is to check out the problems we have. Therefore it  makes  sense to use the  innovations  which are  causing     environmental  destruction .
17th of June of 2000 Dear Sir, I am writing     to complain  about  various   things  which I am very  disappointed   with . I  went  to the theatre to see the musical show called 'Over the Rainbow'. There I  met   with  many problems.  First  of all, I bought four tickets for £20 each and discounts were not available. Secondly, I arrived at the theatre at 9:15 because the  time of the performance  was    9:30. However, the show started at 20:15. I was fed up  with   waiting . The worst thing of all was that at the  beginning  of the show I realized that the actors were totally different  from the ones advertised . They were  worse  than the  previous  actors. After the show, my friends and I were very furious  because of all this . We decided to go to the theatre restaurant to eat something and to relax. The surprise was that the restaurant was closed. I am  really  annoyed. In my opinion, you have to give  us  back  us  money because everything  that  you wrote in your advertisement was not true. I hope  to get  your answer soon. Finally, I want to  tell  you this is the last time  that  I come to your theatre. Thank you. Yours sincerely CAROLINA RODRIGEZ.
FASHION OF THE FUTURE
I am going to write about what clothes will be worn in the future.
I have gone out  (to*/onto)  the street and I have asked    people    this question. I have  recollected  all  the  answers and I have  written  this article.
Most    people think that character ,   person  and clothes are  of a piece . They believe that people in the future will wear  comfortable  clothes because they will be outgoing,  amusing , etc.
I really think that living in the future will be like living  (in*/on)  the moon  -  very exciting. And people will wear  cybernetic  clothes but  (in*/at)  the same time comfortable clothes. I believe that they will wear colourful jeans, T-shirts, mountain boots, etc. And all of this with a lot of colour. From my point of view, they will  enjoy themselves more  than people  do  now because they will have many things to do.
On the other hand, most    people in the future will wear glasses.  That  is because sunlight is very bad.  (At*/In)  the end  everyone  will be  short-sighted .
In conclusion, I would like  to live  in the future to  see   exactly what clothes  they will wear. It is a  very interesting subject .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I'm writing to complain about the musical show which I've recently seen at your theatre.
I was enthusiastic about  this  special event. The advertisement  showed  two actors but I was surprised to see  a different person as the main character . As well as this, to my horror, the performance didn't start at 19.30 but  forty-five  minutes later. In addition to this, the theatre restaurant was closed for lack of  waiters . No discounts were available!
So, I'm sure you will understand why I'm feeling so annoyed by the whole incident. I hope you will give me back the  price  of my ticket!
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours faithfully,
Introduction: It seems to me that modern technology has  profoundly  changed our daily life. The computer is everywhere and it's available for everyone.
 A   useful   helper :  the  personal computer can  quickly  help you in lots of situations. Moreover, a variety of  micro-computers  are now everywhere such as in your car, on your radio and so on.
 Feel good about it !:  on the one hand ,    modern technology is extremely important, on the other hand you shouldn't abuse    it.
Conclusion: I do think, however,  that  modern technology is essential for human  beings  nowadays. Although the world of computers will develop day by day, I  lively  hope we (human  beings )  can   maintain  our  way  of seeing things.
Dear manager,
I am writing to complain about the musical show that has recently taken place at the Circle Theatre. The  advertisement  I had read did not  tally with  the performance.
First of all, Danny Brook was not starring and was replaced by a different actor. That was very disappointing. The performance started  forty-five  minutes  late . Moreover, I was unpleasantly  surprised   to find  no discounts were available.
Furthermore, I would not  be complaining  if the theatre restaurant had been open. According to the advertisement, I could visit it after the show, but it was closed because of the lack of customers.
My "perfect evening out" was not so perfect and could not satisfy me in any way.  From my point of view , the partial refund of the cost of the tickets, which are enclosed with this letter, would completely satisfy my  interests . I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
How has modern technology changed my daily life?
Modern technology has  a  variety of uses and its possibilities are being widened more and more. Today it is used practically in all spheres and its influence on people is not  unnoticeable .
Personally I feel the greatest influence  from the side of  personal computers. Their popularity  can  be explained by their  comfort  and  ease of  use. With the help of  the  "Internet" it is possible to get  a lot of  objective and useful information you are interested in. Computers take  up  the major part of my free time and this is  a   cause  of disagreements between me and my parents. They would like me to go for a walk more often or to help them in their daily  chores . I am completely satisfied with the way I spend my  free time , but they have another opinion.
In conclusion, modern technology affects everybody, but in different ways. The only effect on me is more  frequent  disagreements with my parents.
To: the manager of The Circle Theatre
From:
Subject: complaint
Dear Sir or Madam,
I was at the show  (of*/at)  your theatre three days ago. Unfortunately, my expectations  were not  realized because of  the  many problems I had during the show.
First of all, there was another actor instead of Danny Brook ( as it was written in the advertisement ). Secondly, the show was delayed and started at 20.15 so I had to wait 45 minutes ,  doing absolutely nothing and wasting my time. No discounts were given and, what is more, your theatre restaurant was closed  the whole  time. I was not able to have    dinner after the show. On the whole, I was very disappointed  on   leaving  the Circle Theatre.  All the impressions were destroyed by many problems .
I ask you     to return  my money   . Or I will have  no option  except     to go  to    court.
Faithfully,
Fashion of the Future
Three hundred years ago fashion changed  once every  hundred years. One hundred years ago it was  once  in 50-25 years. And now we have to change some of our clothes every 6 months because they are not so fashionable any more. Fashion is one of the most important parts of our image and everyday life now. Fashion is becoming more useful . All  the new inventions and  technology  are going to play an important part in the fashion industry of the future.
It is very difficult to predict but let us try to imagine what  clothes will  be like 100 years from now. With no doubt, the influence of modern  technology  will be great.  In future  clothes will be very useful and incredibly comfortable . We  can see the progress in    fashion even now. It seems that the decorative role of clothes will have disappeared by the year    2050.
So  the whole  fashion industry will work to make clothes more useful, practical and comfortable. What will we have? Breathing jackets and shirts with air conditioning.
Dear Ms.
I am writing to you  because  I was very  disappointed  with the  show  you have  put on  to attract people to come to your theatre.
First of all ,  I came to see  the  play just  because  my  favourite   actress   should   have  been    in it, but she  wasn't . The  time of the evening performance  on  the   ticket  was 19.30 and actually it started at 20.15 ,  which  forced  visitors  to stay  in  one   place  for 45  minutes ,  a   waste  of time. The  ticket  discounts  were  not available under any  circumstances  and the theatre restaurant was closed.
I strongly     recommend   you  to pay  a  minimum 50% of the full price  that   I   paid .
Your  faithful 
Mr. Farydone.
Fashion of the Future.
I think that in 100 years from now, the clothes fashion will be  totally  different. In my  opinion  the world     itself  will be different in temperature  as a result of  global warming ,   also  people  will  become     nicer , less <unknown/>  this  will take place, so the clothes will mainly be  made  from cotton with  smooth  colours like dark  green  or  grey .  They  will be  comfortable   clothes   because  the main point for any  kind  of  clothing  is to be  comfortable . Also there will be no leather or  feathers  used in  making   these  clothes  because  by that time the  animal population  will  have fallen  and Green  peace  will  be  very strong   , much stronger and  more   powerful  than it is now. So    we can  imagine  the Future Fashion  might  be  pleasant  or  unpleasant  for different people. The  styles  will be more or less  the same as  each other and  everyone  will be  satisfied  with  them    .
writen by H. Farydone
Dear Mr,
I am a foreign student who is on  holiday  here. I am going to stay here  for  a week. I went to your theatre three days ago and it was horrible. I'm sorry but I am very  disappointed  with the    show. I would like to  describe   to  you my experience because I want you to give  me  my money back.
 Last  Monday, I went to the theatre with two friends. We arrived on time but the    show was delayed  until   half-past  eight. Moreover, we  weren't given  any  discount  for  being  students.
 Furthermore , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us. When there was  an   intermission  we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late. We couldn't have a drink. Well I believe that it was a bad day but I would like you to give  me  my money back because  (on*/in)  the advertisement there  were  some things that we  didn't   have  in the theatre.
Finally,  I  would be grateful if you could answer me soon.
 Yours   sincerely ,
Our lives are changing. When I was a child I had different   entertainment    to those  that     modern-day  children  have . We could play with our toys, dolls and we could enjoy  ourselves  without a computer. We hadn't so many machines  as  they have.
The technology is growing and growing.
If you have a computer you will be able to have all the information that you want. It's very important but  sometimes  it is a  bad  thing because the children can see it too. Moreover you can change the TV programme without getting up. We can find information about the weather  and  sports on our TV-text.
On the other hand,    science is changing.
We have more researchers than  a few  years ago and we will be able to find the solution  (of*/to)  lots of problems. Actually, we can cure  illnesses  which were  once very dangerous . I'm sure that in a couple of years we will see  some illnesses like cancer and UTH cured .
The new technology is changing our lives.
17 May 2000
Dear Sir or  Madam ,
Last  week , I went to London to see the musical "Over the Rainbow". I was  really  happy to  be seeing  the "Best Musical Show" in London. But what I saw was exactly the opposite  to what  I expected. In other words, it was a disaster.
Maybe you could explain to me   what the problems were. By problems I mean   that the show started at 20.15 and not at 19:30 or why  there  were no discounts  available ? But these are only little problems. The most disappointing thing was that there were  different  actors  to those advertised   who  were not very good  (in*/at)  acting. And after the show we didn't know what to do with the rest of the evening, because we actually wanted to go to the Theatre Restaurant after the show, but it was closed.
It wasn't  really  a perfect evening  as  you promised on your flyer. I was very  disappointed  and I would like to have my money back. Some people might be silly enough to pay for such a bad show. I will tell everyone I know how bad it was.
Yours faithfully, Franz Morell Hand
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Unfortunately, modern technology  has made     life for many people easier. If you think about the early days, when no cars were on the roads and  no one  had an  opportunity  to fly to another country for  a  holiday, people had to walk or go by horse and ship. Today, everyone has the  opportunity  to just get into a car and drive     wherever  they want to. Modern technology also allows you to go  (into*/onto)  the Internet to get any information you need.  Production  is much faster and cheaper than before, because you don't have to pay for  the   workers  anymore.  Everything  is controlled and produced by machines. This  is also  a very big  disadvantage  because many people are losing  their  jobs. The only and simple advantage of modern technology is just taking the work from us so we don't have to do anything anymore. Another disadvantage is that  everyone  becomes a bit more lonely because they  watch  TV or play or work  (with*/on)  the Computer and don't see each other  anymore  because they don't have to. You never get bored.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm writing to complain about the musical show named OVER THE RAINBOW.  According to  your advertisement, it is    LONDON'S NEWEST AND BEST MUSICAL SHOW, but I was deeply disappointed  (at*/with)  it.
According to your advertisement, the  stars  were DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE. I decided to go to see this show because of its  stars , but  (at*/on)  the day I saw it, a different actor  performed . He was not DANNY BROOK.
Moreover there  were  no discount  tickets . They were all sold out. You should have said  there  were very few. I had to buy a £20 ticket.
To make matters worse, the  time that the show started was delayed . It started at 20:15,  forty-five  minutes  late ! That's why I couldn't have    dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show. It had already closed   when the show finished.
I'd like to ask for a full refund for this awful night. Could you give me a satisfactory reply as soon as possible ? 
yours faithfully
Modern technology has changed my life.
 In particular ,  the  computer has  changed my daily life  dramatically.
It is only two or three years since I  started   using  a computer at home, but now I wonder how I  could  live without  one . I open my  mailbox  every night. When I find a new message, I'm very happy.
Before using e-mail, I used to write letters and  sometimes   used the   telephone . However ,  I've found e-mail is better than  those means of communication  , because  as soon as I send my message, they  receive  it.   In other words  , I can also receive their reply  quickly . It's really useful   when I need  a  quick reply.
 Moreover  when I send e-mail, I  don't need to worry  about the time. I can send them anytime I like.
Thanks to modern technology, I enjoy chatting with my  friends  in other countries and my family in Japan almost every day.
BRASILIA (DF), JUNE 17th 2000
Dear Manager,
I'm writing this letter to express my disappointment with "Over the rainbow", the musical show which I watched  yesterday  evening.
First of all, according to the advertisement, one of the main actors would be DANNY BROOK ,  who I love. Instead of this, I had to watch the performance of a different and unknown actor who wasn't so great as I expected.
Secondly, the show started one hour late and I hate waiting in a queue  longer  than  is  necessary. I felt very upset and my enjoyable night became a  stressful  ,  and very expensive one, too.
There wasn't  any  discount  available  for the tickets and I went to the theatre with my three cousins from Brazil. In addition to this, after the show, we looked for the theatre restaurant which  had  been closed for  repairs     one month ago.
In conclusion, last night definitely was the worst  entertainment experience  I've ever had in my life and that's why I  am asking  you  for  my money back as    compensation.
I'm looking forward to your reply
 faithfully ,
Modern technology can affect our daily life transforming our relationship  to  <NS type="MN"></NS> and the ways  we   communicate   (to*/with)  other people as well as our life expectancy. With the introduction of the computer in our civilization we can access  the  Internet to  communicate  with our relatives and friends living abroad or far from  us . Despite    the distances, we can keep our friendship  close  and  (with*/in)  a  cheap  way. Besides    this, the information goes faster than it used to  now  and it's  available   (in*/at)  the same time  (to*/in)  every part of the world. On the one hand, our time is taken  up   with   learning  how to deal with the new technologies. On the other hand, we can feel more comfortable with them providing us  with  support  (to*/in)  our hard tasks and  setting  us free to apply our  intelligence  and efforts to more important things. For instance, we can research new  ways  of improving our quality of life. In conclusion, we are able to feel or to recognize the benefits of the modern technologies but we should be aware  (about*/of)  how they are introduced  (in*/into)  our lives to avoid the dangerous side of    TECHNOLOGY.
TO THE MANAGER OF "THE CIRCLE THEATRE" AFTER FINISHING A STRESSFUL YEAR AT SCHOOL, I TOOK A SHORT HOLIDAY,  AND ITS  "SPLENDID ENDING" WAS A WEEK IN LONDON .  WHILE I WAS THERE, I SAW A VERY ATTRACTIVE SIGN:  "OVER THE RAINBOW" THE  MUSICAL    WAS  PLAYING  AT YOUR THEATRE, MOREOVER, THE WONDERFUL DANNY BROOK WAS THE  STAR   (OF*/IN)  IT. SADLY, I DECIDED TO GO, ALONG WITH MY GIRLFRIEND, BUT THE PROBLEMS STARTED EVEN BEFORE THE SHOW, WHEN WE WANTED TO BUY THE TICKETS. WE ASKED ABOUT "THE DISCOUNTS" THAT WERE OFFERED IN THE ADVERTISEMENT AND THE ONLY THING THAT THE LADY WHO WAS SELLING  THE TICKETS  COULD SAY WAS: WHAT DISCOUNTS? THEN, WE MOVED INSIDE THE THEATRE AND WE HAD TO WAIT 45 MINUTES UNTIL THE SHOW BEGAN!!, WHILE WE WERE WAITING, WE THOUGHT WE COULD GO TO THE RESTAURANT AFTER THE EVENT, AND THEN   WE REALIZED IT WAS CLOSED. BY THE TIME THE SHOW STARTED, WE WERE SO ANGRY THAT THE ONLY THING I REMEMBER IS THAT DANNY BROOK WASN'T ACTING. I THINK YOU HAVE ALREADY REALIZED THAT IT WASN'T A PLEASURE FOR US TO SEE THE SHOW, SO I HOPE YOU  CAN  GIVE ME OUR MONEY BACK, IF YOU CAN'T, PLEASE, AT LEAST GIVE ME AN EXPLANATION. YOURS FAITHFULLY
HOW HAS MODERN TECHNOLOGY CHANGED YOUR DAILY LIFE?
THE HISTORY OF THE HUMAN  RACE  IS THE HISTORY OF  WORLD CONQUEST  .  THAT SAID, TECHNOLOGY HAS ADVANCED  CONTINUOUSLY  SINCE THE  BEGINNING  OF MAN'S  EVOLUTION  .  FURTHERMORE, DURING THE LAST TWO CENTURIES, THERE HAS BEEN AN ENORMOUS TECHNOLOGICAL EXPLOSION .  WHILE THE XIX CENTURY GAVE US THE STEAM  ENGINE ,    FACTORIES AND THE ELECTRIC  LIGHT  BULB, THIS CENTURY HAS GIVEN US    NUCLEAR ENERGY (AND SADLY    ATOMIC WEAPONS), THE COMPUTER,  THE  INTERNET AND    TELEVISION.
TODAY, I CAN  DO  MOST OF MY  SCHOOL   HOMEWORK   (FROM*/WITH)  THE COMPUTER ENCYCLOPAEDIA AND IT DOESN'T  WEIGH  MORE THAN AN APPLE! I CAN READ ALL THE NEWS AS SOON AS  IT   HAPPENS   (AT*/IN)  THE VIRTUAL NEWSPAPERS AND I CAN TALK WITH MY FOREIGN FRIENDS THANKS TO THE ICQ PROGRAM .  I HAD NEVER USED  THE  INTERNET BEFORE, BUT IT HAS CHANGED MY ENTIRE LIFE, AND IT IS MUCH BETTER THAN IT USED TO BE.
Dear Mister
I'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you  are putting on  at the moment: "Over the Rainbow".
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland, we  appreciate   spending  a week in London every year. We are keen on theatre and musical  shows . Your theatre is known to  put on  excellent  shows . We were never disappointed  before  and especially enjoyed "The Drama" you presented last year.
Anyway we had a very disappointing evening.  First , we couldn't get  a  discount, although you mention it  (on*/in)  your  advertisement . And the only tickets left were    £20. Then the  show  began 45 minutes later than  stated . Last but not least, Danny Brook was replaced by a different actor, whose name I probably forgot because of his poor performance.  We  are used to  eating  at your restaurant which is not only well known for it's good    value but also for it's original  decor .
Therefore I ask you to give  us  £20 back, because the two tickets were not  worth more . I'm looking forward to hearing  from you soon .
yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't really good at keeping secrets. The following story will prove it. I left the office at six o'clock. I was free as the air. My husband was  doing  a course all    week in Berne. The kids were  (by*/with)  their grandmother, who  takes  care of them.
I drove to Ouchy where I  had  a drink. It was so hot, I decided to go for a swim in tutry, although I hadn't  a   swimming costume . I knew a good place. I parked the car and  waited  ten  minutes . As I had  planned , the place was deserted. I took my clothes  (of*/off)  and swam  for  twenty minutes in the lake. Coming back, I noticed that my clothes were missing. I walked back, hoping I wouldn't come  across  anyone and be able to drive back home. The car was missing too.
Unfortunately a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude. They drove me to their office after having given me  a  shirt. There I called Pat who picked me up. I felt so miserable that Pat laughed  to see  me. Of course she told everything to my husband. If only Pat could keep secrets!
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about your music show entitled "Over the Rainbow" ,   which  I saw during my holiday in London.
Firstly, I expected to see  a   performance  by Danny Brook ,  who is my favourite actor. However, without any announcement, a different actor was playing his role.
Secondly, according to the advertisement, the show  should  have started at 19:30, but it started at 20:15. Moreover, the theatre restaurant was closed  for      maintenance . You should have let us  have   that  information in advance.
Finally, although I heard  a  student discount ticket was available, the ticket salesman said I should have bought  one  at least one day before the show.
I was not satisfied with your show at all. Therefore, I think you should  pay me some money back .
Please let me know  what  you think of my  complaint  and request as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
Thank you for modern technology.
I think modern technology has changed my daily life, especially  when it comes to  communication with my best friend ,  who is studying in Britain.
We  saw  each other once a week before she left Japan for Britain. I used to think I would miss her. But now I can communicate with her every day by e-mail.
Furthermore, we can talk on the phone.  I feel no distance  as if I was speaking with a friend in Japan. Without a computer and a telephone, I couldn't contact her easily and I  might  lose touch with her.
 In   addition , I  can  go  to  Britain  by plane to see her . Before the plane was  invented , I suppose it might  have taken  several months to visit Britain by ship.  (In*/At)  present, it takes just 12 hours by plane.
Thanks to such modern technology, I can improve  my  relationship with my friend, even if she is living  far  away from me.
Dear manager,
I recently had a week's holiday in London. During my stay I went to your theatre to see a musical show ,  which was OVER THE RAINBOW . However , I had a very disappointing evening.
There are a lot of differences between the details of the musical show  (on*/in)  the advertisement and  the ones it actually was . Firstly the  stars   (on*/in)  the advertisement were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, while there were different actors  (on*/in)  the musical show. Secondly  time starts  at 19:30 on the  leaflet  but it actually started at 20:15. Thirdly it said there were discounts available  (on*/in)  the advertisement . However , there  were  not any at all. Finally it said we could visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was  closed  because  your excuse of being used at that moment .
It said  (on*/in)  the  leaflet  that  this would be a  perfect evening out, while it was not  that  at all. I felt very  disappointed  after seeing the music show in your theatre.  As I said the reasons above , I want to ask for  my  money back! I look forwards to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. He was so kind that  he  couldn't  resist  telling Janet that she was going to be killed by Mr Brown .  After  doing  that ,  Pat left  the  room. Janet was so nervous that she couldn't stop her heart  beating  quickly. She went  downstairs quietly  and closed the door as soon as she went into her room. At that moment a lot of things appeared in her mind ,  which seemed  like   they   had just happened  yesterday. "Why did Mr Brown want to kill me?"  she  said to herself .  "I am just a servant in this castle .  I  love  him so much and I don't want anything from him although he is the owner of this castle."  It  seemed as  if  a shadow came in  (from*/through)  the window and disappeared quickly. Everything in the room  was  quiet except the sound of the clock ,  as if everything  was  going to die. She was so  frightened  and sad that she had no  energy . She fell    onto the floor and wept, while nobody could help her.
Dear Sir/Madam
I want to complain about your  advertisement   (about*/for)  the  production  'Over the Rainbow' ;  I had a very disappointing evening.
First of all ,  I wanted so much to see my favourite actor Danny Brook as he was supposed to be in the show, but he wasn't.
Secondly the show didn't start until 20:15 but it should have started  at  19:30 so we had to sit and wait ,  which was very boring. There were no discounts on the  tickets  available either.
After the show we wanted to have something to eat in the theatre restaurant but it was closed  for   refurbishment .
In the advertisement it says "your perfect evening out" but it was a real disappointment. I would like to have the money back that I spent on the tickets I bought.
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours Faithfully
Svetlana
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She had always been like that,  my best friend Ann said  to me when I told her that I had told Pat a secret  the day before .
The secret was that I was in love with Peter  (in*/from)  my course. I shouldn't have told her, but I was so sure she wouldn't tell anyone.
Yesterday when I arrived  (to*/at)     college, I saw Pat standing with Peter and a lot of other boys and they were looking  strangely  at me and  laughing . I felt how I started to blush. In the classroom it became even  worse . People started to  write  things on the board and  to point  at me.
In the  lunch break  I went to Pat and asked her why she had told him the secret, but she just ignored me like she didn't know me. After that I never went back to the course again.
Dear Manager,
I saw your  advertisement   (of*/for)  your show  (in*/at)  the circle theatre, over the rainbow. I went to it, but I was really disappointed about  something .
First the    show, Over the Rainbow ,  started at 20:15, and in the advertisement  it  was written  that it would start  at 19:30 . Then   it   was also  written that the actor was Danny Brook, but in the show  a different actor appeared , that was really disappointing. Also  it  was written in the  advertisement  that some discounts were available, but there  weren't   any  discounts. And because of the time that the show started I couldn't  go  to the theatre restaurant because it was closed.
 Sir , I was very disappointed with the show so I want my money back, and I am sure you will understand my reasons.
Yours Faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, and she went to her house to  talk  about the things I had told her. First she said to her father, then to her mother and finally to her brother, that I was from another planet called Orion, that was a billion  kilometres      (of*/from)  Earth and  then  I was so ashamed because I have been  her  boyfriend since I  came  to Earth.
My confession caused a disaster in  her life and that of  her family, and they called the police to take me  off  of the planet or  to be  arrested, so that I  couldn't  see her again.
The police caught me, when I was peacefully in my room, and put me ,  covered with something, in a car. After they caught me I think they brought me to    Area 57,  where  the police do experiments.
Since then I  have lived  in Area 57, and this is my diary   . I don't now when I  am  going to be free       to go  to my planet.
Dear sir or madam,
I have recently been on a holiday  (in*/to)  London. During my stay I went to see the musical "Over the Rainbow". Now I want to complain about a few things which made me very disappointed.
First the advertisement said that there were discounts available but there were not.
Secondly I  would also  like to say that the musical was supposed to start at 19.30 but it did not start until 20.15. Finally when it started we noticed to our  surprise  that it was not the right actor  on stage . Very disappointing ,  as Danny Brook is my favourite actor. We  watched  the musical in sadness.
Afterwards we wanted to go for a  pleasant  dinner. To our surprise the restaurant was closed because  of   a  lack of staff to keep it open.
It was certainly not a perfect night out. I would be very pleased if I could have my money back. I hope to receive    payment as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully
FREDA SVENSSEN
Fashion of the future
What will clothes be like 100 years from now? In what way will they change? Of course nobody knows the answer and maybe we should be happy  (for*/about)  that.
I gave it  some  thought the other day and when I think about future-clothing I can't take my mind  (from*/off)   plastic fabrics . My conclusion is that people will wear less and thinner clothes.
I mean when the  Earth's  getting warmer and warmer because of  the  pollution that we people  create   in  the world. Maybe in the future they'll find    a new fabric which protects you from dirt and dangerous sunshine.
Maybe everybody will end up wearing shorts and skirts.  Formal  suits will be transformed into    school-uniform-like  shirts  and  knee-length  shorts.
Anyway ,  we  definitely   know  that they're going to change. If we live long enough we'll be able to find out  how , so keep living!
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to express my annoyance at your musical show ,  which happened to be  inaccurate at the leaflet given .
Your advertisement mentioned that the famous Danny Brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another,  unknown  actor who starred instead of him.
Another point which caused some  inconveniences  was the  show's timetable . It began 45 minutes later than it should have   .
Notwithstanding the fact that I could have expected a discount  (for*/on)  my ticket, it  happened  to be impossible to  get  one.
Although your leaflet suggested that your theatre restaurant would be open  that  was not the case because of a lack of available staff.
All those  inaccuracies  spoilt what should have been a  memorable  evening so I would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
T. Gens
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Of course, it was my fault. I should have known better but I had to tell       someone. It was far too  hard  to keep it  (for*/to)  myself. So I made a mistake and I told her.
The day after, at school, I noticed that everyone was looking at me. I immediately knew that something was wrong so I had a word with Pat. She denied having revealed my secret but she was  avoiding  my eyes.
From this moment, I knew without the shadow of a doubt that my mother would know  about  it sooner or later. It was only a question of hours before my life would collapse. I tried to  take it in my stride  but I couldn't. I was terrified.
My fear turned out to be  justified . I read the hurt in her eyes. She knew. She knew that I had bought my first bra without having asked her for advice  beforehand    .
Dear Sir or  Madam ,
I was on  a  week's holiday in London and I went    to the theatre to see "Over The Rainbow". I must say that your musical show was very disappointing for me.
"Over The Rainbow"  looked  very interesting  (on*/in)  your advertisement but  the  organisation and  show   were  almost terrible.
First of all ,  I expected to see Danny Brook, but I saw  a  different actor and that was  a  big disappointment for me.
Secondly ,  the show started at quarter past eight. This is  a   forty-five-minute  delay.
Moreover ,  there  were  not any discounts and all of the tickets  were  the same  price .
 At  the end ,  your theatre restaurant was closed  (from*/for)  unknown reasons, but  (on*/in)   the  advertisement  it  was clearly  stated :
"Visit our theatre restaurant after the show". That was cruel, because I was very  hungry  after the show.
At the end of this letter I would like to ask if you can refund my money. I will be very pleased if  you can do  so. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  faithfully 
 The twentieth  century was a century of inventions. Some of them are big and some of  them  are small, but they  affect  our lives in the same way. Technology  makes  our life different than  the  life of people ,  for example ,  living in  the  nineteenth century.
Modern technology makes our lives different, maybe better. Often people do not see how it  affects  our  lifestyle . Useful things like TV sets, radios, computers,    stereos and cars - we are dealing with them every day. They help us with daily life and make it more pleasant. Transport and communication  would not exist without cars, trains, planes and telephones . We know our world from TV screens and computer monitors. Without these, and newspapers of course ,  knowing our world could be hard.  On the other hand  people are suffering from modern diseases like addiction to television or computers.  Finally  ,  we must mention modern medicine. It saves our lives from ancient and modern diseases.
To sum up ,  modern technology changed our daily life. Mine too. I  don't think I could  live  a  normal life without these inventions. They are like  the  air I  breathe . I am  asking   myself  - am I  a  sick man?
17th December 2000
Dear Sirs,
I am writing to complain about my awful evening at the Circle Theatre. I am very disappointed.
Last week I went to see a musical show called 'OVER THE RAINBOW' at the Circle Theatre.
I was  at first , very excited to  be seeing  the show, because  (on*/in)  the advertisement it said that it is the best musical in London. Also it said that I  could  have a perfect evening    there, but it turned out to be a very disappointing evening.
I went to see my favourite actor ,  Danny Brook ,  acting in the show, but he was not there. I was shocked. There was another man acting. The show started  later   than  I expected. It should  run  from  7.30  p.m . , but it  started   (from*/at)  8.15 p.m.!
I want to complain about the ticket.  (On*/In)  the advertisement it said that discounts  were   available , but when I asked a  member of staff  in the theatre about the discount he didn't offer me one. After the show I went  to  the 'THEATRE RESTAURANT' to have dinner, but the restaurant was closed. It was because they closed  earlier  than usual. I think they should  keep the times correctly .
I am very disappointed with everything  that  happened last week.
I would like a refund.
I  expect  this will be possible.
Yours faithfully,
Fashion of the Future by XXX 17/6/00
My article is about fashion in    the  future
Right now in 2000 many people are wearing modern clothes , like     T-shirts, trousers, skirts, coats, long-sleeved shirts, jumpers, etc. They also wear little items on them to go with their clothes , like   earrings , necklaces, bracelets, rings, glasses,  hair bands ,  handbags , shoes, watches, etc. They like  designer  clothes and everyone  wears  different modern clothes  in terms of  size,    colour and     shape .
The fashion gradually changed from   the old days   and it is still changing   . Maybe in 100 years from now, fashion will be totally different. Everyone may think that in  the  future people will wear silver clothes like in  science-fiction  movies.
I think everyone will wear balloons for clothes in  the  future.  Everyone  will wear very colourful balloons   . With balloon clothes they will be able to fly up in the sky.
 No one will walk  on roads. They will  bounce  on roads with  their  balloon clothes.
In  the  future they will wear balloon clothes, because  to make people fly . They will use a special gas inside  the  balloons to make them fly.
For the special gas they will mix carbon dioxide and some chemicals. This special gas will  not be  dangerous. If we use    carbon dioxide  (with*/in)   our  balloon clothes there will be less carbon dioxide on Earth, so there is no worry about  Ozone breaking . This is one more reason to wear balloon clothes in  the  future. It  will save  our Earth.
Would you like to wear balloon clothes and bounce around the world?
If  so , wait until  the  2100s!
Dear Sir/Madam,
I'm writing to complain about my horrible evening at The Circle Theatre on 10th June 2000.
Last week I was on holiday in London and I went to the theatre for  entertaining  but I wish I'd not  gone  there because  everything  went wrong.
I bought a ticket at the box office but there were not any discounts for  students  like you said in the advertisement for the show and also the show  was meant  to start at 19.30 but on that day it  was delayed  about 45 minutes. During the show I  expected  to  see  Danny Brook ,  who is my favourite actor ,  and Tina Truelove. There  were  Robert Alan and Jack Ruby instead of them. It really disappointed me. After  the show finished  I wanted to visit your restaurant and I found that it was closed.
 There  was a sign in front of the restaurant :  "sorry we  are  closed  for  special reasons" . And  I was wondering what  the reasons were  for that.
Finally ,  I would like to have  a  refund for my ticket    because it was  a  horrible evening.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
Paya Chuaswee (Miss)
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . That   was  why our great plan for  our   holiday   was  not  be real .
It happened    last summer . We   planned  to go on holiday in the  southern  part of Thailand by motorbike but we couldn't tell our parents because they wouldn't allow us to go.
We started our journey and we arrived at our  destination  by 6 o'clock in the evening. The sun was shining and  the  wind  was   blowing  like we had  imagined .  While  I was standing on the beach ,  suddenly I heard someone  call  my name and  say  that I had to go home . That   is  right,  it   was  my mum. She told me Pat had phoned her while we were  leaving  and my mum followed us because it was so dangerous to  go  by bicycle.   Even though  we could spend our holiday there but with my mum and I just found that it was fantasy time which I had never  thought  about it .
From now on ,  I don't want to  tell Pat anything secret  because she always  tells  someone else but she  is  still my best friend.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing in order to explain to you the problems regarding the musical show I saw at your theatre.
First of all,  it  was written in the advertisement for the show   that     the main actor would be Danny Brook , but a different actor played in the show.
The show started forty-five minutes  late  and this really disappointed me. Besides, when I bought the ticket, I found out there  were  not  any  discounts for  tickets , while you wrote the contrary. Moreover, I could not go to the theatre restaurant because, by the time the show had finished, it had already closed.
 Definitely , it was a very disappointing evening and I would appreciate  it  if it  is  possible to have my money back.
I am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She was a very pretty and kind girl, but she had this bad habit. This was her only fault. She had a lot of friends but nobody trusted her. That was why she  decided  to change her behaviour. She was given a chance: if she  was  able not to tell everybody a secret for a short time, her friends would  start  trusting her. The secret was about a  surprise party  for her  best friend's  birthday. As soon as the  arrangements  for the party started, she began to feel nervous and anxious because she wanted to tell everything to her  best friend . But, as the days went by, she was surprised because she realized she was getting  used to  not  telling  secrets  anymore . The day of the party arrived and Pat succeeded in keeping the secret. All her friends were amazed at  how she had      changed  and started trusting her at once.
DEAR SIR
I AM WRITING IN ORDER TO COMPLAIN  (FOR*/ABOUT)  THE TERRIBLE NIGHT I HAD IN YOUR THEATRE.
FIRSTLY I WANT TO COMPLAIN ABOUT WHAT YOU WROTE  (ON*/IN)  THE BROCHURE. IT WAS COMPLETELY WRONG!
I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND OUT THAT THE ACTOR WAS NOT THE ONE YOU WROTE  ABOUT  .  I DISCOVERED THIS ONLY WHEN THE PLAY STARTED, AND  THAT  WAS VERY LATE!
SECONDLY, AS I WROTE BEFORE, THE PLAY STARTED LATE, AND FOR ME IT WAS TERRIBLE TO WAIT  FORTY-FIVE  MINUTES.
THIRDLY, I WAS VERY  EMBARRASSED  TO DISCOVER THERE WERE  NO  DISCOUNTS AT THE ENTRANCE.
FINALLY I COULDN'T EAT  EITHER . IN FACT THE RESTAURANT WAS CLOSED,  WHICH WAS NOT WHAT I'D EXPECTED .
FOR THESE REASONS I WOULD LIKE TO ASK FOR MY MONEY BACK. BECAUSE FOR ME IT WAS NOT A "PERFECT EVENING OUT".
I AM SURE THIS LETTER WILL RECEIVE YOUR PROMPT ATTENTION.
I LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU.
YOURS FAITHFULLY
UNFORTUNATELY, PAT WAS NOT VERY GOOD AT KEEPING SECRETS. THIS WAS LIKE AN ILLNESS FOR HIM. SO MANY  TIMES  HE WAS TOLD: "PAT ,  I  WILL   TELL  THIS SECRET ONLY TO YOU". PAT COULD STAND THIS SECRET ONLY  A  FEW DAYS, AFTER  WHICH  THE SECRET  CAME  FROM    DEEP INSIDE, AND HAD TO BE SAID. THIS WAS TERRIBLE FOR HIS  FRIENDSHIPS : HE ALWAYS LOST HIS FRIENDS. HE WANTED TO DIE  BECAUSE OF  THIS. THE WORST THING  WAS  THAT HE COULD NOT IMPROVE THIS BEHAVIOUR. ONE DAY    FORTUNE HELPED OUR POOR PAT. ON THE BUS HE SAW A  THIEF  WHILE HE WAS STEALING A WALLET, HE WANTED TO SCREAM, BUT HE WAS ASTONISHED. WHEN THE ROBBER  REALISED  HE COULD BE DISCOVERED  AND  HE SAID ,  "IF YOU DON'T KEEP  THIS  SECRET I WILL KILL YOU". PAT, AS HE ALWAYS DID, COULDN'T KEEP THE SECRET, EVEN IF HE WAS SCARED. EVENTUALLY THE ROBBER WAS CAUGHT BY THE POLICE, AND FOR HIS  BRAVERY  AND HONESTY HE HAD A LOT OF FRIENDS.
Dear    Manager of the Circle Theatre,
I went to the Circle Theatre to see the show   "OVER THE RAINBOW" a few days ago. I am writing this letter to tell you how  disappointed I felt  with it.
There are some differences between the advertisement and the real show.  (With*/In)  the advertisement, you mentioned Mr. Danny Brook and Ms. Tina Truelove were going to  perform  but actually different people were  performing , whom I  had  never seen before. And also it said it was going to start at 19:30 but it  did not start  until 20:15. To make it worse, neither discounts  nor   restaurants  were available    that night although they were said to be available. According to the  owner  of the restaurant, it was closed because  the plugs of some lights were cut off .
 As I am writing , it was not a perfect evening at all but horrible, so I would like to ask for  my  money back and  compensation  for my special 20th birthday.
I am waiting  to receive  your reply as soon as possible.
Faithfully yours,
Fashion Of the Future
There  are  already a variety of fashion  styles  nowadays. Some are  formal  others are    casual. Especially in big cities such as London, New York and Tokyo, you can see a lot of people in various clothes, so I do not think there will be such big differences in  the   appearance  of clothes even 100 years from now.
However, I think   there will be some  differences  in  the  quality and materials of clothes. For example, speaking of sports, a lot of remarkable progress has been made ,   especially with  swimming costumes and athletes'  costumes  for  the   Olympics .
In addition, I think the earth will be warmer and  warmer  than now and 100  years  from now  will be an Area of Space . So clothes for space will be necessary and clothes for warmer climates will be necessary.
In conclusion, 100 years from now, I think    a  better quality  (in*/of)  clothes will be  created  in every  field, such as sports, office, leisure, building site, school and space .  Although   the   appearance  such as   shape and  colour  will not  change  so much in fashion.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to let you know  about   the  unbelievable experiences which we had when we went to the theatre to see the musical show 'OVER THE RAINBOW.'
First of all, I am a fan of Danny Brook but he was absent because  he was  sick. It  disappointed me  very much. Moreover, he made many mistakes.
Secondly, although we had booked the tickets 3 days before we went to the theatre, we could not be given any discounts only because we had  booked  at a travel agency.
Finally, I am going to write about the  theatre , the Circle Theatre. The show  was supposed  to start at 19:30, but it started at 20:15. Because of that, we missed the train and we had to stay one more night in London. It was your  fault . We would like you to  return  the  price  of the  ticket  and pay us  for  that  hotel  as well. I would recommend you   show   that the restaurant is closed on Monday. I could not have dinner.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
Fashion of the Future
If you asked the young people what they  spend their money on most , most of them would answer 'clothes'.  These days , new fashions   pass  by  very quickly.
 In my opinion , young people tend to wear    clothes which    can show their skin. For example, short skirts and tops like     underwear . I think young people  would wear smaller clothes  which  make   them  look like  they are  almost naked even in winter. I suppose that a scientist could invent new kinds of materials which are warm and thick. It could be    that people  will wear  the clothes which ancient people used to wear, like skirts made of leaves.
Next, I predict  about patterns of clothes . The  animal-pattern  is catching  on  now. It might be possible that the  fish-pattern   will catch on  in 100 years.
However, fashion changes too fast to predict. I think fashion changes very quickly so that people are interested in those changes.
Dear Sir,
Last week I had the chance to spend time in London and this is why I decided to go to the Circle Theatre to see the    show.
Firstly, I would like to tell you I  unfortunately had  a very bad evening. Indeed, I was very  surprised  to  hear  when I asked for a discount that it was not possible to  get  one.
In spite of that, I finally decided to  get  one ticket.
The other bad point was the time when the show started, it was already 20:15 when the first star  came  on     stage , but your advertisement  said  19.30!
The worst was when the actors  were presented to us  and the starring names were completely different  to what  I expected.
 Finally , I didn't understand why you pushed people to visit your restaurant if you don't open it after the show!
This is why ,  for all of  these  good reasons ,  I am asking for some money back.
I am sure you will understand my request regarding my complaint, your credibility is depending  (of*/on)   it .
I look forward to  hearing  from you .
 Yours  faithfully.
Our century is a century of changes, of evolution. Since the end of the 40's ,  which is the period  when     technology started  to advance , nobody can say that nothing has changed.
Every day, from the morning to the evening we are completely dependent  (of*/on)     technology.
In fact our  lifestyle  is based on    technology, now, if we want to stay at home without having contact with other people, we can do it, we just need a computer and a modem and that's it.
If I want to discuss  something  with friends or order a Pizza, I can do it  as   easily  as I want, when  I  want.  Because  of that, I think    technology is improving my quality of life.
A good example is the  cellular  phone .  I can contact my family without  any  problem, I can inform my company if I  have  an accident  (with*/in)  my car.
If I compare my life now with the life of my  grandparents , I think both are comparable .  I say that because without knowing  about  the technology, it's difficult to imagine a  better  life, in fact, you  leave with your time . Even if    technology is important for my quality of life, I am not able to say if  that  will continue to be the case in 10 years.
Dear Sir or Madam,
Last week I spent my holiday in London and  I saw  your musical "Over the rainbow' in the Circle Theatre and I was really disappointed. When I read the  advertisement  for the show I was really excited but after the show I was not very happy because of the following problems.
The  advertisement  says that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would play but in this show there were totally different actors and that was really disappointing because I was looking forward to them. The times were also not alright, actually the show starts at 19.30 but  (in*/on)  this evening it started at 20.15. The  advertisement  also says that there are discounts available but this is not true, there were none.
Usually I go to a restaurant after theatre but this was also not possible because your theatre restaurant was closed because of  the  holiday. Why do you give  this  information in an  advertisement  ? 
 It was really not a perfect evening for me , I was expecting a nice evening but in fact it was terrible.
Because of these problems I had I would like to ask for    compensation, maybe to get my money back. I hope you understand my  complaints . I  hope  you answer me soon.
Yours sincerely
Sandra Eichmann
In my opinion    modern technology has  not really changed my daily life  a lot because I am just 20 years old and I used to play  with   a  computer when I was young or wash my clothes in the washing machine.
I grew up in a world    full of technology and for me the  recent  development in    technology is not very  great . Of course, it changes, it became normal to have a mobile phone or  frequently to use  the computer and the  Internet . It becomes  easier and easier  to use the computer for everything. You don't have to go to the shop to buy clothes or to the restaurant to order some food. I can just switch on my computer and order everything.  Also I  don't write letters anymore because I write e-mails to my friends.  They   go  quicker and it is easier for me.
But I think  (in*/for)  my generation  there  is not a really big difference , in  comparison to my grandparents  who  have  real  problems  accepting  these changes in modern technology. Because the biggest developments were in the last 50 years.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about your musical show "Over the Rainbow". Last week I was on holiday  (at*/in)  London and I was very  disappointed  when I visited your theatre.
First of all ,  the show was supposed to start at 19.30, but it was delayed  until  20.15, and when the show finally began we were  surprised  to see that Danny Brook ,  who was the star of the show, was not playing and someone else had  replaced  him and he was really disappointing.
Moreover, the advertisement says that discounts will be available  (with*/on)  the price of the ticket, but when I asked for one they told me that there  weren't  any.
Last but not least, the advertisement says to visit your restaurant after the show, but when we went to the restaurant we  discovered  that it was closed because the cook was ill.
The advertisement says that it is going to be your perfect evening out, but it was not.  It  was a complete waste of time and money. That is why I would like to request  a  full refund of my money.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, but she was her best friend and she had to trust her. Anna told her again: "Pat don't tell       anyone please, especially    my brother ,  everything  would be ruined  then".  And  Pat answered: "Don't  worry  I won't tell anyone".
The big secret was that Anna was  preparing  a  surprise  party for her brother   John and she didn't want anyone to know about it. She had told       Pat though and that was extremely dangerous! Anna couldn't do anything though because she needed her help to give  out  the invitations. The party was set    to be in two days.
The two days passed really fast and Anna was happy because Pat hadn't told  her brother anything , or so she thought!
Pat went to Anna's and she seemed really unhappy.
- "Anna I have a confession to make" ,  Pat  said   to  her and she started crying . 
- "What is it Pat?" Anna asked and she started to worry.
- "I've told your brother about the party. I couldn't help it!   I'm so sorry!"
- "What?" Anna couldn't believe it, she was devastated, she started crying and told Pat "Get out of my house, now!!!" Pat left. Everything  was   ruined  ,  the party and their friendship.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am a foreign woman who had a week's holiday in London and decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show. That show wasn't  what  it  was  supposed to be and it is for that reason that I am  writing  to you.
One of the problems  was  that a couple of actors, Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, were the ones supposed to act and a different actor took Danny's place . It  was disappointing!
The second show was supposed to start at 19:30, but  to make matters worse , it started at 20.15, so after the show I couldn't  go  to the cinema.
 Also  I couldn't visit the theatre restaurant after the show because it was closed for  the  holidays.
On top of everything the  ticket office  didn't offer any discounts, so  on  the last day I couldn't buy  a  present for my neighbour.
I am  writing  to ask  for   the  refund of the £55 which I spent on the ticket for  that  miserable show.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully.
Jane Smythe
I am going to write about how  modern technology has  changed our daily life.
First of all ,  I think that technology has been one of the most important inventions  (of*/in)  human  history  and that without it we couldn't be where we are  right  now.
One of the best examples is the car: in a lot of cities around the world, cars can be seen in the streets all day long. During the last decade the number of people who  have   their own  car  increased  very  quickly . On the other hand people who  haven't  any cars   can also be helped by technology: they can use the public transport like the train or the bus, which  are  also    comfortable  forms  of travelling. But if you want  the  fastest  means of  transport, the plane is    perfect   !
But technology can also help you at home if you use modern machines     to clean  your house, clothes or dishes.
Apart from that, technology also helps in hospitals.  All   the  time  there are  more machines  helping  doctors and nurses with their difficult  tasks .
In contrast, technology is very bad for the  environment : if we use cars we contaminate  the environment , and many cars are being used every day!
On balance I think that  technology evidently  has got more advantages than disadvantages.
Dear Mr
I'm writing to complain about what    happened  to  me two days ago, during  your  musical show "OVER THE RAINBOW". A friend of mine went to see it    last May. He told me to go because the actor's performance was good.
So I decided  to buy  a ticket, but no discounts were available. Then with     disappointment  I noticed that there was  a  different actor instead of Danny Brook. Nobody informed me about  that .
And why did the show start at 20:15 instead of 19:30?
After the show, my friends and  I  decided to go to your restaurant, but we were amazed to find it  closed .
In conclusion, I  am asking  for my money back because it wasn't  the  perfect evening    your  advertisement   promised .
I hope that you understand me.
Awaiting your reply,
 Yours  faithfully
It's true that modern technology has changed our daily life. In the  past , for example, we used to write letters to  communicate , but now we  surely  send an e-mail, a fax or make a phone  call .
Certainly  this   is  easier and faster than  writing , but it was nice when you were waiting for a letter. Nowadays, you  get   everything   immediately    , but will it  always  be  a  good  thing ? I think  not .
Everyone  has  to use modern technology carefully, because too much technology could be dangerous. It  could   prevent  us  from   thinking  and  acting  freely.
Today there are children  who  don't know  anything  about nature and its things.
Probably, because their parents haven't enough time to  leave  the city and show them nature. So they prefer  to leave  their sons  watching  TV.
Modern technology? Yes, but we mustn't  lose   our  values  or  our  freedom  to  be  with our  families .
Dear Mr.  manager  of The Circle Theatre:
I'm writing to you to  describe  some problems  (about*/with)  your theatre's show . First  I have to say to you that there was a different actor  to the one advertised  starring  in  the  play . I  expected   the   star   of the play   to be  Danny Brook and there was another man. I'm very disappointed with the  time  that the  play  started. I had been waiting for more than half an hour.
About the  price , the  paper  that I have at home  states  that there were discounts  available , if these discounts are  real  I couldn't use them.
When the show had finished I couldn't visit the  theatre restaurant  because it was closed. The reason they gave us   was that they hadn't got any waiters.
For all those reasons I  have given     you, I ask for the money I  spent     back. In my opinion it wasn't my perfect evening out.
I'm sorry if I  cause you any problem , but I'm very angry and it was your fault.
Thank you for your attention,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I was  fourteen years old  and I was with my  best friend , Pat. We were in a private school,  which   looked  like a castle, in London and we had been staying there for two months. Our parents took us there because they wanted     us   to become  good    polite girls.  Life  in the school was very boring and sometimes we organized games to  have   fun     there. One day I discovered a secret path in the school . This  path went from our bedroom to the director's room. I thought  it  was  a  good idea  to tell     Pat because we could use  it  to look for exams, and then we could pass all of them. When I told    her, she promised    me that she  would   keep  the secret. But in a few days she told the secret to all the class. All our mates wanted to enjoy our fantastic    secret path to look for exams. Then somebody told    a teacher and the teachers went to talk to our parents. They were very angry and disappointed with us. Nowadays, I remember this story  as  a bad experience.
Dear Madam/Sir,
I am writing to say I am not satisfied with your musical show.
Recently I  have been  interested in musical shows, because I have never seen  them  in my country. When I saw your advertisement for the show, it was so attractive  (for*/to)  me. So I went to London to see the show.
As I arrived there after 5 P.M., I missed the first performance, so I decided to see the 19:30 p.m performance.  But  it started  at  20:15! Furthermore there were no student discounts!
The worst  thing  was that the actor and actress were not the  people  who had been written  about  in the advertisement, because of that I was extremely disappointed. So, I could not concentrate on the show.
After the show, when I went to the restaurant it was closed, because it usually opens between afternoon and evening shows.
It was a really disappointing evening! So I am asking for some money back.
I look forward to receiving your prompt reply.
Yours faithfully
Chu Jin-Sun.
How has modern technology changed your daily life? It could be difficult to feel how many things  have  been changed in our daily life. But if you thought  back   to  10 years  ago  you  could  easily notice.
 I would like to see the change in an advantage and a disadvantage view,   As  an advantage , the  modern technology is developing toward convenience for  humans .
So,  you  can  contact  other people with a mobile phone no matter where you are and you can correspond  (to*/with)   people in other countries  in real time by using  the   Internet . How  incredible  it is!
However  there is  not only this advantage but  there are also  lots of disadvantages. Although  the  mobile phone is very useful  in  our life, it might be harmful for our  brains  because of  microwaves  it can cause    cancer or traffic accidents. In addition ,  the side  effects  of artificial farm products also can't be ignored in our daily life.
So I would like to say  that     science and techology changed our daily life  by giving us  more convenience  but  it also could be dangerous.
 Dear  Manager  
I am writing this letter to you because when I went to your  musical  show I had a very bad time.
Firstly when I went to the show it was  written  that the  start  time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight .  I had  waited  for  forty-five  minutes. Secondly the stars were going to be DANNY BROOK and TINA TRUELOVE but different people came to the show. It was the first time I  had been     to a musical show but I guess it will be the last one too. Anyway after the show I felt hungry so I went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered.
And     lastly  that was the  worst  night I had ever had so I asked for my money back but they wouldn't give  me  it so I had an argument with the people  who  worked  there  but I couldn't get my money back.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Because last year I started smoking and nobody knew that I was smoking but one day as I was smoking at the back of the school  someone  came  up  to me and I noticed that it was Pat. She saw me as I was smoking so that wasn't going to be very good. She said that she wouldn't tell    anyone but I knew she might say it to someone so I  was always  with her  every  minute ,   every  second. But one day as I was walking home like every night I saw Pat  in front of  our house door talking to my dad. I just knew I  shouldn't  have trusted    her but as I went in the house my dad  asked    Pat   to stay for  a  meal .  I was in     shock  ,  thinking why isn't anyone getting angry  (to*/with)  me ? After  a while we sat  down  for dinner and Pat just  told  my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry. I couldn't go out of the house for a month so now I know how Pat is and  that she  can't keep any secrets.
Dear Sir,
I address this letter to the manager of the theatre.
I want to talk to you about an evening I had in your theatre ,   seeing : OVER THE RAINBOW.
Your advertisement was excellent and it gave me a lot of  enthusiasm . But I had a very disappointing evening and it was because  of  many  things .
First point, I didn't see Danny BROOK   . I  went  to see him but there was a different actor.
Second point, the    show  was meant  to begin at 7:30 PM but we  waited  for  forty-five  minutes to see the show  start .
Third point, your advertisement told  us  about  a  "discount available"  (about*/on)  the  price of the ticket  but  there  wasn't  one .
Fourth point, after the show, I wanted to visit your theatre restaurant but it was closed and no one     knew  why!
Well, as you see ,  it wasn't a "perfect evening out!" and I think that you could give    me some money back because I really have the impression that your advertisement is wrong. I'm waiting  (about*/for)  your  reply ,
Yours FAITHFULLY,
We live in a society where    technology  makes progress   every day . We can find some everywhere. Then, I think it's  interesting  to answer the following question:
How has modern technology changed my daily life?
My plan  is  very simple: a description    first    and an analysis    second   .
 Every day  at 7:00 a.m, I am woken up by my radio.  Afterwards , when I  have  my breakfast, I use my toaster for my bread and, as I want    hot milk, I use my modern  cooker  too. When I go to school, I can see  the new tools they've just received in many stores .
But I think that the most important  thing  is my cellular phone: I can  make  a call or receive a call from  anywhere .
This little  essay  shows that I depend  (of*/on)  technology and,  moreover , because I'm in an electronic  engineering  school, I'm keen on technology.
I don't know if it is good or bad but we are a generation  which has  grown up with  technology's  progress. Modern technology doesn't  change  my daily life, it just allows  me  to  evoluate  in this new world....
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing with reference to the musical show I saw last week in your theatre. I hoped that it would be the most  exciting  evening during my week's holiday in London. Unfortunately it wasn't.
I wouldn't like to be unkind but I must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information. First of all, when I  bought  the  tickets  it appeared that there  was  no discount available. Secondly, I must complain that the musical show started almost an hour  late  and in addition to this  no one apologized . Moreover ,  I would like to ask why Danny Brook,  who  is my favourite actor, didn't  perform  in the show. Furthermore ,  I would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed.
Finally, I must say that I had a very disappointing evening and I would like to get my money back.
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I wish I had  known  it two days ago...  On  15th June we were at the birthday party. Dora wanted me to come with Pat because she was in love with him. I really like Dora and Pat and I just wanted to help them to be together, but it wasn't such a good idea.
I thought that if I said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way. Well, I forgot that it's just a boy! I shouldn't have told him that she was a virgin. It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was  staring  at us. Yesterday ,  I discovered that he told everything to Marl and Tony. I really regret that I was so foolish.
The most horrible  thing  is the fact that my friendship with Dora seems to be on the rocks and I don't know what I have to do to overcome the difficulties.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir!
I am writing this letter to you, because the show "Over The Rainbow" ,  which is    London's newest and best musical show, was not... for me.  Please   excuse  me, but there were many mistakes and problems on the  note you have made , which disappointed me very  much .
I thought that Dany Brook ,  who is my  favourite  actor ,   would   perform  in that show. And I was really disappointed when I saw Jeremy Brook on the stage. Please, if you would be so kind    correct this mistake. I would be  grateful  if you could correct too  that show  starts  at 20.15 not on 19.30 .  Another  thing was that there  were  no discounts available, and that the restaurant ,  which I wanted to visit after the show ,  was closed because of  the main  cook   sickness  .
I would be very grateful if I could get my money back. That evening ,  which should  have been  my perfect evening out, was in fact very  tiring  and boring.
 Apologise me for disturb .
I am looking forward  (for*/to)   your   reply !
Best  regards !
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets .  I knew that he's  a  very talkative person, but it was  necessary  because I wanted him to be the main  organiser  of that birthday party for  tenes . It started a week before that day. Pat found  a  great place for the party called "Blue Box". I made     beautiful   invitations     for  all of   Agatha's  friends with a  note  :  "Do not tell Agatha about  this  . This  is a  surprise  party for her . Please  keep the secret!" Pat arranged  a  great DJ and drinks. My friend and I made  the  perfect  decorations  with  balloons  and other party stuff. Everyone told us it was  breathtaking . Everything was set... the day and hour came. Everyone gathered in  the  disco at 21.00. We were only waiting for Agatha ,  who  was expected  at 22 o'clock with her boyfriend. It was so  exciting !!! We  turned  off the lights and then the door opened and I just heard "What the hell is going on?!!" She entered the room, and everyone shouted HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR! She was so touched that we started to cry.  Anyway  the disco was great,  music also . We had fun  (to*/until)  5 o'clock! Agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever  receive !
To the manager of the Circle Theatre.
I am PINAR xxx. One week ago I watched your show. I was  very  disappointed because I didn't find what I  was expecting  at your show.
The first thing that  disappointed  me was the  star . I expected to see Danny Brook because  (at*/on)  the paper that you  gave  to me it  was written  that Danny Brook  was coming  but there was a different actor. Then you wrote that it  started  at 19.30 but it started at 20:15. You wrote that discounts  were  available but they  were  not available. You wrote    "visit our restaurant after the show" so I didn't eat my supper, to eat at your restaurant ,  but the  restaurant  was closed because the show started  at  20:15 and  finished  at 00.15 and the restaurant was  open  until 00.00. Finally you wrote that  it would be  "your perfect evening out" but after all  these  problems how would you expect  me  to have a perfect evening out ? 
After all  these  problems I became  disappointed   because   it  was only a  week's  holiday in London. If you  could  give me some of my money back that would be a great  apology  for the  waste  of time and my  disappointment .
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't good at keeping secrets. I  had known  that before but I thought that he  might   have changed . I trusted him and told  him     the  truth . It was about Marine, who was our  close   friend .
The reality was  that  Marine's parents  were  not her real parents, they found her in their  house's  garden. They  tried  so many things to find her family . For   a  year they did everything to find her family but they couldn't find  them . In this one year they  spent  most of their time with Marine and they loved her so much and they  wanted  to be her parents. When Marine was three years old a man came to their house and  said  that he  was  Marine's father and  he   wanted  to take her ,  and he added that he  left  Marine because her mother  died  two days after Marine's birth   and the police thought Marine's father did this so they put him  (on*/in)  prison . He  had nobody that he  could  give  Marine   to  so he  left  her  (on*/in)  their garden.    Marine's real father  wanted  her back but the other  couple  didn't want to give her  back  because they loved Marine so much. They  gave  a lot of money to Marine's real father to  keep  her. After that Marine's father  took  the money &amp; left her. The  couple  couldn't  tell  the  truth  to Marine because they were afraid of losing her.
After I told  Pat the truth    Pat said this  to  Marine. Marine said to Pat    "I  knew  that because I  talk   (with*/to)  my real father every month but my parents  don't  know that because I am waiting for them to  tell  me the  truth ".
Dear Sir,
I'm  writing  to complain about your theatre and its  show last night .
Firstly I would  like  to say that I  was  very  disappointed  with the show and that I didn't have the perfect evening out, as    advertised.
 I don't know where to start . The main character of the musical show,  who  I'd like to say wasn't the "BEST", was  awful . His  acting  was not good and he didn't seem  to like  acting .  Even my son could act better. After the  terrible   acting  of your star,    comes the starting  time . I was sitting    waiting for  forty-five  minutes until the play started. You advertise that the show begins at 19.30 and not at 20:15 ,  as it did. And then, when I arrived at the theatre ,  I expected to have a discount but  unfortunately  I didn't.  On top of all this  ,  the theatre restaurant was closed   because the  chef  and the waiters  were  on holiday. You could hire other  staff  to do the work. I was very  disappointed  ,   what else can I say . It was  supposed  to be my perfect  evening  out. But it wasn't. I  am asking   for  my money back.
In  conclusion  ,  I'd like to  recommend  that you should   first   know what you have to offer and  then   advertise  it.
Yours  sincerely 
Helena  
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I shouldn't have told her that my dad had  psychological  problems. I knew that she was going to spread it around and tell    my brother.
It all started when I was about 10 years old,  as  my brother  is  now, and I overheard my mother talking about my father and his problems   to my aunt. I was hurt inside and cried till my tears  ran  dry. I couldn't accept it. All these years I believed that my father was killed in a car  accident . I was  living     a lie.
Now  (in*/at)  the age of seventeen I made the huge mistake  of   mentioning    this problem to my "friend" Pat. I knew that she  was  close to my brother and that she  loved  him a lot, so I never thought that things  would  turn  out  like this.
When   one day Pat came over to my house ,  we started arguing about  ordinary  things and  (in*/during)  our  fight   the subject of my father and his problems suddenly came up . Pat started shouting and screaming, saying what was  really  going on. My brother couldn't stay away. He  stood  outside my door and heard every single word. When I realised   , it was too late. The secret  had been revealed . And now I try to help my brother  because  I've been there, in his place, and I know how it feels.
Dear  Sir ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show which the Circle  Theatre   is staging . I recently had a week's holiday in London and during my stay I  went  to your  theatre  to see    "Over the Rainbow". My evening was very disappointing.
In the  advertisement , I had read that Danny Brook was starring but  he  was not. A different actor was  performing   ( during */in)  the musical and he was very disappointing.
The play should  have started  at 19.30 but it started forty-five minutes later, we were  waiting     there  without   anything to do . We got very bored and tired.
After the show had finished ,  I went to the theatre  restaurant  to  have  something to drink and     relax  but it was closed because the  staff  was on holiday.
Moreover the discounts were not available as you  said  in the  advertisement  and I paid £20.
I would like  a   refund  because  it  was one of the worst evenings  (in*/of)  my life . If  this matter  is  not  resolved  ,   I will  take   it  further. I hope that it will be  resolved  properly . 
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat was not very good at keeping secrets. He and his friends got  (in*/into)  trouble because of this habit   last week.
As they were watching  TV  at Nick's house last Sunday, Sally noticed that their  cat  Curly was hurt,  and  she could not walk. The children were very unhappy and  felt  sorry  (about*/for)  the pet. "Somebody  hurt  her and  left  her without help" ,  Mourk said angrily. "We have to find him and make him pay for his action" ,  Sally told them.  Everybody  agreed with her.
Suddenly Pat cried: "Oh my Lord, Bad Jon  did  this. Yesterday ,  as I was arriving home ,  I saw him in your yard ,  Mack . He  looked very satisfied, Curly was  lying  on the grass and..." "Yes,  oh  Lord he did it because we  beat  his team at football" ,  Nick said. "He is so bad. We will make him pay. Hey ,   listen  guys ,  we will take his dog which  he   loves  very much and we will sell it to Sally who wants one. We will pay Curly's  vet  with  the  money that we  get " ,  Pat said.
Next morning ,  as Pat was going to school ,   he  met Bad Jon   and  said   to  him ,  "Hey, you. We know what you have done and your dog will be sold". Bad Jon understood and talked immediately to his father   who was the school  minister  about the  children's  plan. Of course they were punished.
Dear sir,
I'm writing to you to complain about the show presented by Circle Theatre last Tuesday.  The fact is  it was quite different from the one I had expected to see. First of all, Danny Brook wasn't the leading actor, though his name was printed on the  flyer . I had been looking forward to seeing his performance for ages, so as soon as I realized there was a substitute on the stage, I was really disappointed.
I was angry because the show started at 20:15 instead of 19.30, too. Considering that I had to buy a full-price ticket (even  though  I had read on the  flyer  that discounts would be available), I think you can understand my anger. I suggest you should solve these problems quickly. If I were you, I should keep open the theatre restaurant, because I heard people saying it was a pity it was closed.
Thanks to you, I've had the most dreadful experience of my life.
If you don't give me back my money I'll never go to your theatre again.
Write back soon
As Modern technology is changing the world rapidly I think we are all involved in the revolution it's causing.
New technologies have affected people's way of  life  for ages, by offering them better tools  to help them  to survive
I think people don't realize how much technology rules their life. Neither do I. In particular I'd like to talk about  the  Internet. I think that  the  Internet has changed my daily life most of all. In fact, now I can write to friends who live in foreign countries, for  example  ,  in the morning and receive    their answer in the evening or even just a minute after writing. Therefore I regard  the  Internet as  quite a  powerful tool and I believe it has given more  strength  to  relationships   (among*/between)  people. In fact people meet on the Net; they learn many things; they stay in touch with friends who are abroad; and sometimes they even fall in love on the net.
I can say such things because I use the net in the same way and I'm really astounded by  the  way  it      has changed  my daily life.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you because I have recently been  (at*/to)  your musical show at the Circle Theatre but I'm sorry to say that I had a very disappointing evening.
I was in London for a week's holiday and I decided to go to the theatre. I saw your musical show advertised in my hotel and I decided to buy a ticket. I am still a student and I saw in the  advertisement  that there were some discounts available. I asked  (for*/about)  it but the answer I received was that there  weren't  any kind of  discounts . I arrived at the theatre at 19.00 and I thought I'd have waited only thirty minutes. I waited more than one hour because the show started at 20.15. But, at  that  moment, I thought that these things can happen. When the musical show started I had the third bad surprise. The male actor wasn't Danny Brook but an actor that I've never seen before. At the end of the show I was very hungry and so I had the brilliant  idea  to decide to go to the theatre restaurant but, of course, it was closed!
I think that if there had been only one or two problems I wouldn't have written to  complain  but there  were  only problems. I'd like not only to  complain  but also to have my money back because my evening wasn't "perfect" as you advertised but it was a big disaster.
I am looking forward to hearing  from  you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
Every aspect of our daily life is influenced by technology. I'll give you some examples describing how technology affects my life every day.
The first thing I do every day, when I get up, is to prepare  a  fantastic cappuccino with my  coffee  machine. Then I go to work by motorbike. The first thing I do when I arrive  (in*/at)  my office is to switch on my computer.  All     day I speak with the majority of my  colleagues  by telephone or e-mail.  Sometimes  I  am  alone all    day but I have  contact  with many people.
When I have to book a holiday, to buy a book or to  check  my bank account  I  use  the  Internet and I do all these things, and many others, without moving from my office. When I finish  working  I come back home. If I haven't enough time to cook I prepare my meal using my fantastic microwave  oven . If I'm too tired to go out with my friends I finish my day  watching  a programme on television. I know that it can appear a sad day but it's what a lot of people do every day in every part of the world.
To conclude, I think that technology has improved many aspects of our daily life. But it's also true that sometime we aren't able to  take  a step without it.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about the show, "Over the Rainbow" ,  which I saw in your theatre last week. I was really disappointed because the show was far from what I expected.
First of all, I was really expecting to see Danny Brook, my favourite actor. However, he was not on the stage that day.  Secondly  the show started late and I had to wait for 45 minutes    doing  nothing . It was a waste of time. I also thought that there should have been discounts for students, which in fact  were  not available and I had to pay     the  normal price.  Furthermore , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay. I had to go home without eating    dinner, though I was really hungry.
I have to say that the evening was terrible. If I had known  all of them , I would have changed my plan and could  have had  a better time.
I strongly suggest you    give us  the  right information. I  would also  like to claim  a  refund for the evening.
I hope this matter will receive your prompt attention.
Yours faithfully,
Fashion in 100 years
If you compare the fashion now with that of 100 years ago, you'll notice that there are  incredibly  big  differences  between them. People have become more informal, casual and practical than before. But how about the fashion of the future, for example, 100 years from now?
I think it'll also be very different from now. But in  what  way?
First of all, people might think more about the function of clothes than the design. For example, they'll wear     clothing  which  protects   them  from air pollution, sunshine etc.
Imagine that all the people have masks on their  mouths  and noses like we have sun-glasses, and that all the masks are  designer  brands, which are made of  a  special material to prevent us from breathing in polluted air. It's like a joke, but a bit  scary .
Imagine that all the people have hats with  broad   brims  to protect their faces from  the   sun , and it's the  trendiest  fashion of the year!
It's funny. But we never know!!
Dear Mr. Smith , 
I am writing this letter to  let  you know  about  the bad points of the theatre.
First, it didn't start at 19.30. It started at 20.15. We had to wait for 45 minutes. I got bored. Not only me but also the others got bored.
It was  written  in the newspaper that Danny Brock  performed  in the play. But it was not Danny Brock, it was a different actor. If there had been a problem,  we should have been told . I wanted to see him but I couldn't see  him . This was very disappointing for me.
When I was buying a ticket, there was no discount. But in the newspaper  there  was  said  to be a discount. I paid £20 to the cashier. I was hungry and I thought I could eat something at the theatre restaurant after the show. But it was closed without any reason. It was very rude. For this, I want my money back  because  I didn't enjoy <NS type="MN"></NS> at the theatre.
I hope you  will not continue  like this.
Yours sincerely,
TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANTAGES
Technology is the thing that makes our life easy. Technology is in every part of our life.
We use cars, trains, ships or planes when we want to go somewhere. But if they weren't made, we would have to walk or go by    horse or donkey. With the help of technology, we do our  work  in less time. For example ,  in the past ,  people used horses to go  to  another place. And their life passed  in the ways . But now we use planes to go  to  far  away  places. It takes less time than going by horse.
And computers    are  the most important product of technology. In the world, people spend the whole day    playing  with  computers. Not only as a hobby. They use computers for their  work . They  communicate  with other businessmen and do their jobs with the help of computers. Sometimes they don't go to their offices. They write their secret notes  (into*/on)     computers. Computers hold them in their memory. But in the past people had to use lots of  notebooks  and they also had to find places to hide them.
But it  also has  bad points. For example ,  wars. Using technology ,  scientists make lots of powerful guns. It is bad for     world   peace .
I think we should use    technology for     peace  and use it for our  benefit .
Mr Manager:
A few days ago I went to London to have a nice holiday. I was expecting to have fun, so I decided to go to the play "Over the Rainbow",  that's  now  showing  in your theatre. I read the advertisement and I thought it was going to be a  pleasant  evening.
From the  beginning  it was all a disappointment. When I went to buy the ticket I tried to get a discount with my student card, but that was not  possible . I let this pass and I bought it anyway, thinking that  it  was  possible  that  this  was only a mistake in your advertisement.
But the play started  forty-five  minutes late, and the star of the show, of whom I'm a great fan  an  who was the  main  reason  (of*/for)  why I decided to see the play,  had been changed  for another actor,  who  turned out to be really bad.
You will understand how  upsetting  all this was, and I decided to visit your restaurant, thinking that could save my visit to the theatre, but it was closed and I had to go back to my hotel  feeling  mad  and  hungry.
I think you  realise  why I'm  writing  this letter to ask you to give  me  my money back. All the  things  that were promised in your advertisement were  untrue , and it was  definitely  NOT the perfect evening out.
 Expecting  that you will  resolve  this misunderstanding.
There's no doubt that modern  technology  has changed our lives, but how?
I think that some of the changes  have  been very good, like the  improvement   (to*/in)     medical science,  which  now can  save  millions of  people  that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives.
It has changed the ways    people  communicate . First the telegraph and the radio  and  now TV, the telephone and the Internet  allow  people  to be  in contact with others really quickly ,  and distances  aren't  now so difficult     to overcome .
But  technology   has  not only changed our lives in a good way, giving us  things  that can make our lives more  comfortable , it  has  also  created   things  that  aren't  bad, but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world.
 Weapons  and    factories are  destroying  our planet and we need to  realise  that we have to use  technology  to  improve  our lives,  while  always  trying  to respect nature.
Dear Manager,
I'm a person    who  went to see the musical show .  I would like to know something about  the  "Over the rainbow" programme . 
 You have informed the actor, times, discount and the restaurant to people, but actually what did you do? 
 First , you have changed the actor.
 Second ,  the time is late from 19.30, it started 20.15 .
 Third ,  the tickets have not the discount .
 Last , after  the  show, I couldn't go to the restaurant, because it was closed.
What's happened?  This is the good theatre do, or not?  This is  a  famous theatre.  You know, What did people feel? Everybody attented go to the show, funny, and  happy  in the end, and what have we go then?   Disappointed !  Think  about that. If you  could not    manage   the  programme , why  didn't  you  inform  people before  the   programme   started ?
 I  thought  you  understood '; please send money back to me, you know why, don't answer me? 
Thank you,
 Now we know, our world  has  developed to new world,  because  we have high technology to do .
 If we came back to the past, we felt everything, it was so difficult to do, we would have plane and done by  ourselves  and last time .
 Today ,     technology  is a  part  of life.  It started from got up in the morning, we have the machine help us to cook, iron,  cleaning , washing, and then we went out to work, there are car, sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly .
While we  work  at the office, there are the computer and equipment     to help   us  to work  and easy  . After  we have finished work, we come back home,  and  there  is   the  television  for get information, news, data by different way and quickly .
How has modern technology changed your  everyday  life?
 We appreciated the  modern  technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly, we have time to do many things .
17th June 2000
Dear Sir or Madam,
On 14th June 2000 I went to see your "Over The Rainbow" musical show and  there   are  a few  matters  which I would like to bring to your attention.
Your advertisement  featured  "Danny Brook and Tina Truelove" as the main characters but in fact some other people replaced them that evening.
The time mentioned on the tickets was 19:30 ,  however ,  the show started at 20:15.
 When  I came to London on  holiday  and purchased "The London City Guide" I saw your advertisement explaining that people could buy discounted tickets for £5 in advance. Well I tried to do so but the lady at the desk told me that  there   was   a   quota   of tickets  available at that price but were already sold out!
After the show we tried to go to your restaurant but unfortunately it was closed for renovation!
I was very disappointed  (of*/with)  my supposed "perfect evening out"  (to*/at)  your theatre and  for  all the above-mentioned reasons I am asking for a complete refund on the two attached tickets.
Yours faithfully,
MODERN TECHNOLOGY
"Technology" is an appealing as well as an interesting word for me. From ancient times up to now    science has allowed the world and  human beings  to develop positively and negatively.
Egyptians, Mayas, Incas, etc.  had  civilisations with great knowledge because they  had mastered  most of the  fields of science  we deal with today.
Back in the  30s  the different governments invented guns, battleships and all kinds of weapons for their armies.  Military  technology has affected our lives more than    we think because most of the  equipment  we use  was  originally created by those people.
The    growing computer industry is  leaving  us less and less physical work  due to a mechanical concept . Biotechnology is providing us with the  latest  discoveries to heal or improve the human body to  maintain it at  its most efficient state.  Means of transport  are also part of the overall  technological advancement  and allow us to go faster  and  further than before with less effort.
Besides all those improvements and  comforts  I can't stop thinking where all this will lead us. I am keen on technology because I believe it should improve our lives ,  however ,  I dislike the idea that such a science might fall or  have  already fallen  (in*/into)  wicked hands.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir,
Having seen ,  with two of my friends ,  your musical show last  weekend  at The Circle Theatre ,  which  is  called "OVER THE RAINBOW", I am writing to complain about our disappointing evening.
First of all, in your advertisement you refer to discounts that are available, but ,  when we bought our tickets, one of the employees refused to give us ' student price tickets '. Despite being forced to buy adult tickets, we  were still  excited and took our  seats , and waited for the beginning of the show. Usually, the show starts at 19:30, but this time we had to wait until 20:15! In addition to this, it was not the famous actors that you  had   mentioned  in the advertisement  performing , so we were disappointed.
Concerning the restaurant, it was closed  for   renovation .  As a result , I am sure you will understand our  annoyance  and  frustration , so it was not  the  perfect evening out that your advertisement stated  it   would be .
Finally, I am writing to request a  full refund  for my friends and  me , because I felt your advertisement was misleading.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
H. Boulard
What do you think     clothes will  be like in the future? I'm sure that  someone  has already thought about it, because fashionable clothes have always been really important for almost all of us.
Let's have a look at different points. From the past until now, we have  been  wearing several different  types of  fashionable  clothing , but why? From my point of view, almost all humans would like to be    more attractive, so we always think about it. As a result, clothes are the easiest way to  become  more attractive. In addition to this, anyone will agree with me that clothes are the best invention ever. Furthermore, it's one of the best  ways  to make money.
Anyway, don't you think that ,  nowadays, fashionable clothes  are  quite similar  to   what they were  20 years ago? It's evident that whatever we wear  looks  like clothes, and I think we should stop being so stupid. We can't  wear  peculiar clothes like in science fiction films. I bet you that in 100 years, humans will  be  wearing exactly the same clothes as today, because we love the  actually fashion of clothes  ,  which is wonderful. The last survey about fashion  showed  that people feel really comfortable with  those  now!
Dear Sir!
I am writing with reference to your theatre. I would like to apologise  to  you for my  controversial   opinion  but I feel really disappointed. Firstly ,  I would like to explain  to  you  what  the problem is. I came to London for a short  holiday  to meet new  people  and to have a  taste of     English culture.  I'd  seen your  advertisement  which  recommended  the play 'Over the rainbow' and I  liked  it very much. I decided to go to the Circle Theatre with  the  hope that your show  would  provide me  with  all these emotions that I  had  been looking for in Great Britain. Please forgive me but you didn't do your best. I heard about Danny Brook in Poland and I wanted to see him on the  stage  but it wasn't    possible. There was a change  (of*/to)  the  lead   which  annoyed me  a lot .  Furthermore  ,  the show was to begin at about 19.30 but it  didn't . You were 45 minutes late. Waiting was horrible.  (On*/In)  the  advertisement   'DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE' was written  . Shall  I ask you one question? - Why  weren't they  available? Everybody  was   shocked  and I was trying to keep the faith. I  didn't  expect more surprises at your Theatre. Nevertheless ,  after the show I was very hungry so I went to the theatre  restaurant  and what  did   I see ? A poster: "Closed because of the illness of the chef." There were some more disappointing situations about which I don't want to write.  Finally  - you offered a  wonderful  evening but I must say that if I had known that it  was going  to be like that I wouldn't have wasted my time. I feel  entitled  to write this letter and I feel the   opportunity  . I would like to  get  back my money. I am looking forward to hearing    from you.
 Yours   faithfully 
How has modern technology changed your daily life? The entrance    to the new millennium brought us a lot of changes. Many things have been replaced by    others which are more helpful and useful. The most important thing for me is using a computer. The main  advantage  is that   it provides you  with  all the  information  that you need. For example ,  you have to write an Essay about  the   2nd  world war. You get  on to  the  Internet  and you're looking for those facts and  information  which will help you to do your homework. Searching in the computer's memory takes about 1 minute so it is very fast.  Furthermore  you can play with the computer, and  unfortunately  this  fact   especially has  changed my life.
Playing the games takes  up  a lot of time and it  has become  a bad habit. I have no time for learning and for domestic  chores . On the other hand ,  playing games and using a computer  widens  my brain so ,  as you can see ,  this modern  stuff  has got many advantages and disadvantages.
The next thing that has changed my life is a mobile telephone. This little thing brings a lot of satisfaction. It is very useful  too . I have got a steady  contact  with my parents and friends. I have no problems with changing the time of  a  meeting because I can always phone. But actually it is boring when you're almost always under observation. The modern technologies  have brought  to my life a lot of changes. It is even seen in    domestic  chores . For example ,  I've got at home a very modern and special machine which irons  by  itself. My mother is happy and I am happier because I don't need to  make  an effort to iron the clothes. I only press the button and everything is  done   fine .
These are the main reasons why I admit that technology has changed my life and other people's life.
I admire  the  people who made those machines and I would like to give them  a  tribute. They made my life better.
Dear Sir,
I  went  to  see  the musical show called 'Over The Rainbow' in the Circle Theatre. I was really disappointed because a lot of things were not done. I will explain these now and want to ask to get  back some of the money I have paid you .
It was  said  that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were starring in the show. Danny Brook was not there, a different actor was in his place. That was very disappointing for me.
The musical show was  supposed  to start at 19.30, but it started  at  20:15. We  waited   for it to start for 45 minutes, getting bored !
When I went to buy tickets, they didn't  give     discounts. But I had read that    discounts were available.
 As   it was written  again, we went to visit the theatre restaurant after the show, but it was closed. They said that  it  was late and they wanted to go home. There was nothing for us to do, the show started 45 minutes  late .
Now, I think that you have seen ,  it was not a perfect evening at all, a lot of  the  things  advertised  were not done ,   so  I am asking to get some of my money back.
Yours faithfully,
DAILY LIFE - MODERN TECHNOLOGY
 My  daily life :  I get up early in the morning, go to school, then come home and do what I would like to do. I go shopping, watch TV, walk around the city, use my computer and get lost  (in*/on)   the  Internet   etc.
Modern technology is everywhere in my life. I don't see it  (in*/on)  a normal day, but when I sit and think,  it's  everywhere!
For example, I get up whenever I want using my watch or clock. It's not a good example  (for*/of)  modern technology, but it's a piece of technology at  least !
TV was black and white at first and there were only two or three channels. Now it's  colour  and there are many channels on TV. You watch whichever you want. I  don't  think that I watch the same channels every day.
A wonderful example  (for*/of)  modern technology:  the   computer ! It is not a living thing but it has a brain. It knows more than most       people.
And  the  Internet. You can look for everything you want. You can talk to  all  people living all around the world. You don't  notice  the time passing when you are in that world. You can have information about all    things,  and  go everywhere. Everything is near you. You can  reach   anything  whenever you want!
You see, our daily life consists of modern technology. It would be hard to live without it.
Dear Sir or Madam,
Ref: Over the rainbow musical show.
I am writing to you to mention some problems about the musical show shown in your theatre.
First of all, it was supposed to be starring Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but in  the  real show, it wasn't. Because I'm big fan of them,  it  was pretty    boring without them and not to mention that it was disappointing.
It didn't start at 19:30 and there was a delay for 45 minutes which was quite a long time and everyone got frustrated.
The tickets also caused a problem. Discounts weren't available at all. Moreover ,  the  restaurant  was  still  under    construction so that we couldn't use it when we were  extremely  hungry.
 Finally, I wonder why you didn't ask for the money back if you have guaranteed the perfect evening. 
I am therefore writing to you to ask for the money back as I didn't get any advantages or services from you.
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
L. P. Lou
Technology has been  developing  extremely fast these days and as it is still going on, it can't help affecting our lives.
One of the  biggest   things   that   have  changed is  the  change in  the   methods  of  communication . People have invented such things  as  TV, radio, telephones and so on which made us  able  to hear the news quickly and stay in touch with people easily.
There are also changes in biological areas.  Nearly  all  of the  diseases  have been found the way to cure  except    a few like AIDS. It helped us to live longer and make us stronger against them.
I have mentioned  a  few changes above but there's still  the   biggest  one left ,  which is  related to   the field of computers . It helped us to be able to work much  more quickly  and accurately than before with the help of  the  Internet.
Basically ,  modern technology has  made  our life more  comfortable  but there are some disadvantages such as lack of friendship, togetherness because of people staying in their house being on the Internet for  the  whole day. But we still have to admit that we can't live without them even  though  they give us some disadvantages.
June 17 2000
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you about my complaints    about the musical show  (of*/at)  your  theatre    that I  watched  a week ago, during my stay in London.
That evening, the problems started with the tickets...  Unlike   what was stated in  the advertisement   that was published  (on*/in)  the Guardian, there were no discounts available, although I had an International  Student's  Identity  Card .
Secondly, the show  started   (with*/after)  a delay of 45 minutes, and because of this all my arrangements for that night were delayed. Another problem was the  male actor  who   starred  : the  well-known  and talented actor   mentioned in the advertisement was replaced  (with*/by)  another one, who was really very disappointing and after the performance, I visited the  theatre  restaurant, which was  supposed  to be open and available for meals after the show ,  but it was closed.
So, I did not have the "perfect evening out" as stated in your advertisement. I think you owe me an  apology  and a full refund.
I'm looking forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours faithfully,
Clothes of the Future
 Do we ever see  a naked person in the streets? Except  in  some very extraordinary cases, no. Tell me, why  do  people care so much about what they wear and what others wear? Because      clothes  play  a crucial part in our everyday lives.
Maybe because of this, just like living things,    clothes  evolve . This evolution has never stopped and it will continue.  What  about the clothes of people    in a hundred years' time ?
In my opinion the clothes of the world,  (after*/in)  a  century's   time , will be styled in  a  Japanese way: minimalist and naturalist. Throughout    history, we have observed that people get rid of everything that is not natural, such as corsets and in the future belts and ties might be "out".
Of course,    technology will change too. Maybe   new kinds of fabrics   that are capable of insulating light   or heat will be used. Actually, some clothes like that are being developed today ,  but only as prototypes and it is possible to see that they will be widely used in the future.
Finally, it seems to me that   the clothes of tomorrow will be quite  naturalistic  and minimalist and also, the fabrics that are used will change too.
In fact, we  cannot  know   what  time will  give and take away, so let's wait and see   the clothes of the future.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about your  show  which was advertised in the last edition of "Plays". I am afraid that reality had nothing common with the things I  expected  to  find .
First of all, the prices weren't  lower in any cases although you advertised the information like that . Then, I expected the show to start on time, but it turned out that I had to wait 45 minutes. Moreover, when the play started at last, I couldn't look at the actors.  In particular  I was disappointed by Danny Brook ,  who made me nervous with his lack of talent.
According to your advertisement, there was  an   opportunity  to have dinner in your restaurant, but I was surprised when I found it closed. After that, I should also mention   that this evening was dull, boring and the worst in my life.
I am looking forward to hearing from you and I insist that you refund my    money at once.
Yours faithfully,
 Return  to paradise
There is no doubt that fashion affects people and makes them obsessed with this subject, but what  more can be designed ? Can you imagine  a  trend which  would  be as shocking as  it has never been ?
 Clothes   are  part of each culture and one of  those  things which  express  our taste and personality. People spend a lot of money to buy something extraordinary, feel comfortable and stand out. They come up with many ideas but it can't last for a long time. Nowadays ,  it's getting obvious that designers  sell  only  details ,  and  significant changes don't turn up. Styles mix, colours and shapes come back from the past,  and  only the fabrics are different.
People look for something new but it is not so easy to be creative all the time. Teenagers are bored with casual fashion and their parents laugh at them because of the fact they wear  ordinary  clothes. That's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to  avoid      boredom  .  I am sure that  eventually  we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free . There  won't be any problem with being up-do-date.
As    was previously stated ,  I am convinced that the reality will turn out to be a paradise where the most important  thing  will be  the  body and  the  purity of our soul.
Dear Sir/Madam:
I am writing  to  you to  express  my  disappointment   (about*/with)  the musical show 'Over the rainbow.
First, I am very  disappointed   (with*/about)  the  star . I went to the musical to see Danny Brook acting and singing, but he didn't appear. Instead of him, there was an unknown actor, who I dislike.
Also, the musical did not start at 19.30, it started forty-five minutes later. That is why,  because  it finished later ,     I arrived late to a basketball  game .
Another thing is that there were not any discounts  (in*/on)  the entrance fee.
Finally, the theatre restaurant was closed because it was  Sunday . It is closed  every   Sunday  ;  you have to say  that .
That is why I will be pleased if you give  me  my money back.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. That's why I didn't want to tell him that I had failed my natural science final exam. I was worried because if my parents knew that I had failed, before we were on  holiday , they  would   cancel  the trip to Africa.
But, I  needed  to  tell someone about it , so I  told Pat about it . The next day, all the class knew  about  it. I wasn't too worried because if  someone   was  going to see my parents, I would tell them before not  to talk  about the exams.
But,  then  my mother  talked   (with*/to)  Pat's mother and she mentioned it,  and  my mother cancelled the trip to Africa.
It wasn't  Pat's  fault, it was my fault because I was the one who failed the exam and ,  also, I knew that Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to explain to you what the problems were at the musical show "Over the rainbow" at your theatre.
On your  flyer  I read that the actor was Danny Brook, but in the show there was a different actor: this is the first disappointing thing.
The second problem was that the show should have started at 19:30; but it did not; it started at 20:15!
On the  flyer  I read that we could  get  some discounts, but it was not true.
This is a very disappointing thing!
Then  after the show your theatre restaurant  was closed because the staff were not there; so we could not visit it.
I expected you to  provide  "our perfect evening out" for us; but you did not ,  for unknown reasons.
So, now I ask you to send my money back, because I really did not enjoy that night.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Kim, her friend, used to go camping at Sunset Village every year, and that year Kim   asked Pat to come with her. She accepted.
In the evening Pat and Kim used to walk along the beach and they used to stop and turn at the Main Rock, a very big rock.
But one night, with the  moonlight , they felt encouraged to continue their walk. Pat was a little bit afraid, but Kim convinced her to follow her saying that she knew the street. But, when they heard a scream, they stopped and, when they saw a shadow coming  toward  them, they started running, hearing a voice saying: "Our secret!"
When they returned to Caan, their town, they promised to keep  silent  about  it . But Pat, coming back  home , told her mother everything. That night Kim heard another scream and the day after she ran to Pat to tell her what she heard. But  neither Kim nor anyone  else found Pat.
Dear Manager:
When I first heard about Over the Rainbow I was very  excited  about the idea of seeing it, plus when I heard about the  extras  that the circle theatre was  offering , it  became  the best  opportunity  I ever had to  attend     a musical of that  type , but instead of being the best evening I ever had, it was a total disaster and that's the reason why I am  writing  to you.
 As  I have already told you, instead of being the perfect evening, it was the worst I ever had. First, the actors that the Circle theatre  publicised   (in*/on)  their tickets for Over the Rainbow were not  there , which was very disappointing because   the actors    starring  in  the musical    were  one of  its   major  attractions. Another point that I want to  complain  about   is the time that the musical was supposed to start (19:30) but it started at 20:15, so there was     major   dissatisfaction   (about*/with)   that , but the last and worst thing was that your theatre restaurant was closed because the British health institute considered    your food    unhealthy, and  I am  not  taking into consideration  many other points like unsatisfactory service, and uncomfortable seats.
 For  the reasons I have already explained, I would like to ask you if I can have my money back, but this is not the most important  thing   (to*/for)  me, because I want your theatre to change and become the best.
Hope to hear from you:
Science and Technology is a theme very  much  discussed  nowadays , most of the  community  of our city, and of the world,  where  technology has arrived, confirms that it has in some way improved their way of life. And I think it's the same  (to*/for)  me, because when advances in technology ,  like computers,  Internet , etc. ,  were made, it changed my life as a high school student.
 To answer  the question: "How has modern technology changed my daily life? " , I can confirm   that it has been in many ways, and the most important one that I can remember was the invention of computers and later the  Internet , because it was  easier   (to*/for)  me, and  (to*/for)   everyone , to  do  your  homework ,   , and ,  in fact, it was easier  (to*/for)  me to search for information that in the past I would have to look  up  in a library. But not  everything  about technology and computers is good, because many people, and me in a  control  way,  have  become  computers'   and   technology's  slaves, and we  cannot  do anything without a machine, and I am not saying that it's wrong or bad, and I accept that they make  our daily tasks easier , but we have to  maintain  our independence as humans.
Technology, in fact ,     has  meant  an improvement  regarding  daily tasks, but we have to think and work by ourselves because if not our  brains  will become atrophied.
Dear Mr Jones:
I'm  writing   to  you because I wanted to tell you what a bad experience I had during my holidays when I went to see the play on  at  your theatre. To begin with, the actor you  published   as  going to perform, didn't. To make things even worse, the play didn't start at 19:30 as it was supposed to but instead it started 45 minutes late, at 20:15, and there weren't even your famous discounts available.
 As if that wasn't enough , after the show, I took the risk of going to your restaurant and  it is  not very hard to guess  that  I wasn't able to enjoy it, as    it was closed because it wasn't clean enough to  serve  food ;  the perfect ending  (for*/to)  the perfect evening.
Considering all this, and especially the fact that I didn't get a discount on my ticket, I think the least you can do is give me my money back to make it up to me, and so I can go  and  spend the money  (in*/on)  a good play  where  they do what they've promised.
Waiting for  you  to write back
Yours
Modern technology is, nowadays, not only a "tool" for  everyday  life but also a lifestyle. People are getting more and more  addicted  to this, because  it  helps  to make   everyday  life    easier and more  comfortable .
In my own personal experience, technology is something I can't live without.  (From*/By)  a simple domestic appliance, a TV or a radio ,   or  a cell phone or a computer, my life is much better now than it was before. For example, whenever I go out by myself, my father gives me a cell phone, to call him in case I need anything. Another thing I depend on is the computer. Not only to play  games  or use the Internet, but also to write my papers for school.
I think that anything that can make our  lives  better   should be done, because that way we  won't  have so many things to be concerned about, and we  will  be able to live a happier and more relaxed life.
Dear Manager,
Recently, I had a week's holiday in London and during my stay, I went to your theatre to see "Over The Rainbow" and I was really  disappointed .
In the advertisement, it     said  that Danny Brook was starring, but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really  disappointing . I could not see any portion of Danny Brook's performance  (at*/in)  him.
Also, in the  programme , the time of the show was written as 19:30, but it started at  20:15  and   I missed the dinner I was going to have with my best friend in London.
Since I am a student and not as rich as Bill  Gates , I was short of money and I was very pleased to hear that there were discounts available for the tickets; but I had to give the  full  price of the ticket, which I consider  to be      the  fault of your theatre.
In addition to  this , it was mentioned that your restaurant was open after the show, but it was not because there was no food to be served.
As you can understand, it was a dreadful time and I  want  my money back as a  consolation  for the  disappointment  I had.
Yours   faithfully  ,
TECHNOLOGY AND MY DAILY LIFE
In my daily life, I use the facilities of modern technology very often and it really makes my life easier to live. However, I go far away from my family and other people and have virtual relationships.
Until 1996, I used to go to school on foot or by public bus; but since 1996; I take the underground to go to school. It is much quicker, and I do not have to wake up very early in order not to be late.
Also, I use my computer and  the  Internet very much in order to  find     information, do my projects and communicate with my friends. To talk to a friend from another city or country instantly online is really nice and exciting. I do not have to wait for a letter for days and I gain so much time  too .
 On  the other hand, because of  being on  computers so much, I  cannot  see my family and friends very much, even when we are  (at*/in)  the same  place . It is really bad to make your human relations get weaker. But despite this, I am very happy with the  technological facilities  in my daily life.
Dear Sir/Madam
I am  writing  to complain about what it says in the advertisement  is not true . I was really disappointed.  Here are the following points, which I do not think that you have realised what you have put down .
1 The advertisement says the show starts at 19:30. Unfortunately it started at 20:15. And I think I could find something  more   worthwhile  to do than just  waiting , doing nothing during this spare time.
2 I  had expected  that there would be  discounts  available for people who have student  cards  as it says in the  advertisement , but there was not.
3 You  recommended     the  restaurant  after the show. However ,  all I  could  see  was that  the light was off and the door was locked. This is because they are rebuilding it again.
4 I  had also thought  in the show there was  a  different actor.
5  Anyway , I took my headmistress with me and I  had   stated  how wonderful this show was going to be.
It would be  great  if you  considered   returning  my money    as soon as possible. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  faithfully.
Sapawadee Prisuntha.
Fashion of the Future - F.O.F. -
These 3  Fs   can  tell you whether you are up-to-date.  The first thing for fashion what is called "clothing" or what they wear .
 The  1st "F" is  (from*/for)  " fast food ", something fast and  easy to be spotted , which is  an  ancient  wearing style . This is not  normally  what people wear  every day .
 The  2nd F is  ' fulfil ' wear ever you have  (under*/in)  your mom's cupboard . For example long baggy  trousers , which cover your bright  brick  shoes. Wherever you go  everyone  would love you because of your  trousers ,  which  would clean  away  all the rubbish that  is  on the road.  The  3rd "F" could not be anything else apart from something that could make you look " foolish " : having  holes all  (around*/over)  your body (including unsuitable  places ),  or something which  could make you look like an animal such as having a big metal ring in your nose etc.
 If it is not these 3F booming in 100 years from now, so what else could you think of? 
Dear manager I am writing  to  you because of your new musical show "Over The Rainbow''. I  spent  my holiday in London recently and ,  it is like a tradition, we went to a musical. After reading your programme I was very impressed and I was looking forward to  seeing  it. But firstly when we bought our tickets, we didn't get any discount, we had to pay the full price. And then the show started at 20:15 p.m., although it was supposed to start at 19:30 p.m., so  we had  to wait quite long in  that  crowded room. And when the show finally started, I realized that it was not Danny Brook acting, instead there was an unknown, not very talented actor. After the show we wanted to go to your theatre restaurant, because we were very hungry, but then we saw that it was closed, because of staff illness. I would like to ask you to give us our money back, because it  was  a very disappointing evening for us. Yours sincerely, Sara Schmidt
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. We sometimes tried to  throw  surprise parties, but it never worked because of him.
Two weeks before his birthday he started asking us what we were  going  to do. That annoyed us so much   that we started making something up. We told Pat we couldn't have a party on his birthday, because everyone except me had something to do. Of course, that wasn't  true , we had actually organised a party for him with all his friends    a long time  ago , but he wasn't supposed to know that.
On his birthday all our friends were at my place, waiting for Pat. I had invited him to  spend  the evening with me. But half an hour before he should have been there he phoned me and said he was too tired to come. I couldn't change his mind although  I tried  everything. In the end I just told him the truth. He was very sorry that he had not  wanted  to come and arrived quite soon then.
But I know now   that it is always better not to lie even if it  is  for  a  good  reason .
Dear Sir or Madam.
I went to the Circle Theatre, three weeks ago, to see "Over the Rainbow", the musical show that was  playing  at  the   time .
First of all, the actors  mentioned  in the advertisement were not those who  performed   in  the show. Not that I was very disappointed not to see the good actors!
 Then , if the show had started on time, it could have been much better, but it started  forty-five  minutes late,  which  is too much for me!
Plus, it is  mentioned     (on*/in)  your advertisement   that discounts  are  available . In  fact, no discount  was   given  to me,  though  I am a student and as a student I was  entitled  to  get  a discount but I paid £20 because the cashier had never heard about any  discounts  for this show.
Finally, I think that this evening was very far  from   being  perfect, and I ask you for my money,  which  I spent  (for*/on)  this horrible evening in your theatre, back.
I hope you will understand my disappointment and the reasons why I ask for my money back.
 Yours  Faithfully
Modern technologies are part of our daily life, everything we do is simplified by these new technologies.
 We   can   go faster with new technologies, from one place to another , for example, we can  use  a car or public  transport  such as  the  trains or buses instead of walking or riding as  we did  in the past.
Our everyday activities or family activities are simplified too . Washing  the dishes or clothes by hand is rarely done, some  special  machines are made to do this stuff, it helps us to spend much more time in extra activities like sport, relaxing...
New technologies allow us to work more efficiently ;  with computers   complex operations can be achieved in a  short  time and with the  assurance  that the result is correct.
 The  Internet is a good way of meeting people that are far from us, we can also inform ourselves  (on*/about)  what  is happening  in  the world , or search for  a  special  hobby   to get  a quick result.
Finally, new technologies help us to save our free time and to work more quickly and more efficiently.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Having seen your musical show last Sunday, I am writing to complain  about  the problems and to ask for some money back.
Firstly, concerning  the  actors, in your advertisement you stated that DANNY BROOK AND TINA TRUELOVE would perform in the musical, but in fact different actors performed. I was so disappointed!!
Regarding starting time and the theatre restaurant, to see the musical I had to wait about 45  minutes  because it started at 20:15. As well as this, after seeing the musical I went to the theatre restaurant, which you referred  to  in your advertisement, but it was closed already. I was really angry!
Lastly, with reference to ticket prices, your theatre hadn't any discounts even for children. I had to buy an adult ticket for my child and spent more money than I had expected.
I am sure you can imagine what I felt. It was not  a  perfect evening for me and my child at all! I am also sure you can refund my money.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Kwa Phat Sun.
Dear Tae,
How are you getting on? I'm fine. Having talked with you a couple of weeks ago, I'd like to give you some information.
I know you are always interested in  detective  stories ,  especially Agatha Christie's. Don't be surprised! Her best detective stories are going to be read on the radio this Sunday evening at 18:00. I'm sure you'll be pleased. You are supposed to listen to them.
As well as this, the stories are going to be read in English. It's  a  good chance for you to improve your English. You  cannot  only listen to her best detective stories, but also learn English automatically. It will be fantastic!
Where the stories are concerned, they will not be difficult to understand because you already know the stories and  the   narators  are going to read clearly. What I'd like to say is you should listen to them.
I hope you're happy to receive my letter and am looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes,
Kwa Phat Sun
Dear  Sir ,
I'm writing to you   to complain about the musical show "OVER THE RAINBOW"   that I came to see  at your theatre during my holiday in London . Unfortunately that evening wasn't as good as I expected.
First of all ,  in your  advertisement  for the show you wrote that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were taking part  (at*/in)  the show  and  I was so excited about it! But I was very disappointed when I realised that another actor was taking <NS type="MN"></NS> part. And the worst  thing  was that he wasn't so good in  this  role!
Another thing was that the show I went to was  supposed   to start  at 19:30 but it started at 20:15! The people who were there to watch the show were very  angry  and they were shouting because they  had   to wait     too long .  And I absolutely  agreed  with them. Also in the  advertisement  you wrote that discounts were available, but they weren't,  and  also that people could visit the theatre restaurant after the show   to eat some thing or to have a drink. But when I went there, it was closed. I don't know why and I'd like you to tell me   the reason.
Finally, you said that it would be our perfect evening out. Well it wasn't and I  am asking  for my money back. I'd like you to return  it  to me.
 I'm waiting  to hear from you soon.  
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. So, the next day Pat went and told    his sister Sally that her friends were organising a  surprise  party for her birthday. When Sally  heard  that,  she  was very  surprised  and very excited. But because she didn't want to disappoint her friends, she was acting as  if  she didn't know anything. She let them  organise  it! But although she was acting like this she was very  angry  with her brother Pat, because he didn't keep the secret.
The party was on Saturday at Sally's house. All her friends were going to meet there   while she was at her swimming lesson. When that day arrived they all went there as they  had planned . When the clock showed 8:00 they  hid  themselves under the tables and the  other   furniture . After a while ,  the bell rang. It was Sally! Suddenly they all shouted " Surprise !". Sally ,  although she knew  about  it,    seemed very  surprised ! So her friends didn't  realise  that she knew about the party and they were very happy because they believed that the  surprise  party had  been   a   success !
But although Sally knew about it, they had a really great time. They danced a lot and they had pizza for dinner. It was an  unforgettable  night!!!
Dear Sir, Madam,
I am writing to  complain  about your service. Last Sunday I went to the Circle Theatre. I watched a musical show which  was  called 'Over the Rainbow'. I was very disappointed  with  it , because  there were other actors  to those advertised   who  played  very  badly. I don't understand why you changed them. I hoped to see Danny Brook and Tina Truelove as was  advertised  in an advertisement.
You  were meant  to start the show at 19.30 p.m. but you started  very  late at 20.15 p.m  without  any  explanation  to  the audience .
Why did you put  (into*/in)  the advertisement 'Discounts Available'?  They   weren't !!!  All  tickets were  sold at the  original  price .
After the show many people wanted go to your theatre restaurant, but it was closed because  someone  has fixed  something there .
I had  a  very disappointing evening so I would like to ask for    my money  back . I got the ticket for £20.
I am  looking forward to hearing  from you.
Yours faithfully,
Ilya V.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I knew that but I needed someone who could  understand  and support me at that moment. I told    her about my  pregnancy  because she has  a  friend who works in a hospital as a doctor. I asked her for  help  and she promised me  she would  do  everything   that  she  could  and keep my secret. Pat  gave me some advice  and I  decided  to have an  operation .
 Within  a week    my classmates and teachers started  to talk   (from*/about)  me. I  knew  who  had told  my secret to everyone. I got  a   bit   depressed  but my parents supported me. We had a  long  conversation. They stopped me  having  the  operation .
 I was 15 years old then . Now I am 16 and I have got  a  nice baby boy. My family  love him very   much  and support us. I still go to school and I    plan  to go   to  college    next year.
I would like to tell    everyone  -  don't be naive when you share  your big secret or problem with someone . First tell    your parents. I am sure it is the best way.  Of course  secrets can be different...
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to give my opinion about the musical show called "Over the Rainbow".
I recently had a week's holiday in London and during my stay, I went to the Circle Theatre to see "Over the Rainbow". To tell the truth, it was a very disappointing evening. When I  first read the advertisement , I thought that it would be fun.
In the advertisement, it  said  that the show was London's newest and best musical show. Well, it might be the newest one but certainly, it was not the best one. I thought that the actor of the show was Danny Brook, but he was not playing in the show. The actor was somebody else and this was    disappointing.
The show should have started at 19:30 but   it started at 20:15  which   meant    I had to wait there for 45 minutes. And also, it  said  that    discounts were available but they were not.
After the show, I decided to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed. On the door, there was a note saying that the restaurant was closed because of the illness of the cook.
I  paid  £20 and now   I would be pleased if you  would give  some of my money back. It was a terrible evening out for me. I hope the next musical show  will be  a better one.
Yours  faithfully ,
MODERN TECHNOLOGY
In the past, everything was very different. People had completely different  lifestyles .
People  used  candles to see around them. In winter, they used to  burn  some  wood  to keep warm .  "Computer" was a word that nobody  knew  the meaning of   . As my mum told me, when she was young, only a few people had televisions in their houses. And of course, they were  black and  white. Their  hobbies  were listening to the radio, reading books or sitting on a chair without doing anything.
Modern technology has changed our daily life a lot. We  use  mobile phones so it doesn't matter if we are in a crowded city or  (on*/in)  a desert. You can communicate with other people any time you want. Nearly 90 per cent of people know how to use a computer and computers are used in every  area  of our lives. We also have  the     Internet   ,  (by*/with)  which you can learn something about the world in less than a minute.
Modern technology is very important for all the countries. It has a very big role in developing a country. When you look around, you can easily understand that modern technology is used  (in*/for)  everything.
I think   we are all very lucky people that we aren't using candles or black and white televisions anymore . 
Dear Madam and  Sir 
I am writing to you about your  production : 'over the rainbow'. I went to a performance and I am very disappointed. Firstly, your advertisement said the actor would be Danny Brook, but it was not. It  was   another   actor  who played very  badly . Secondly, the musical should start  (on*/at)  19.30, but we had to wait until 20.15! It was boring that nothing  happened   for  such a long time on the stage. Did you know that you have no discounts on your tickets? I could not believe that. Why do you write things on your advertisement  that are not  true? And finally, I would  have  had my dinner after this  disappointing  musical and  thought  I  would  go to 'Theatre restaurant'. But how  could   I    , it was closed!
 There  are too many  negative  points for one evening. I am afraid    that  I want my money back. I hope you do not disappoint  me   (in*/on)  this point.
 Yours  faithfully
Pica Landen
'Fashion of the Future'! This is not a  taboo   subject   (by*/with)  me and my friends. We have discussed    it a lot of times. I think it is important and necessary to think about it, because our children will live in the future.
I  had   doubts  when somebody said   that the fashion of the future would be different. I think it is very difficult to change    clothes and    fashion so much again. We have so many  kinds  of clothes and  fashions   (behind*/from)  our old generations. Maybe, the skirts will be shorter and the colours brighter, the shoes  more modern  so that you  cannot  walk in them anymore.
Maybe in 500 years, some people will live on    Mars and then   they  will  have to wear other  kinds  of clothes. But I don't think  these  clothes are going to be a fashion on the earth. They just look funny!
See you in your next life!
Dear Manager: I am Angela Ounis and I am  writing  to you because I went to see 'Over the Rainbow', London's newest and best musical show. I am very  disappointed   (at*/by)  this evening's show. First of all ,  the  stars  that  were  supposed to be  there  (Danny Brook and Tina Truelove) weren't there .  I was so enthusiastic about your  stars , when I realized  they had been replaced , even though  the replacements   were  good, it wasn't the same. I arrived there   at 19:15 . The  show was supposed to start at 19.30, but started at 20:15 . It  cannot be possible that a schedule for a show  can   be changed that much . You go there to see a show and have a good time, not to wait  for ever   (until*/for)   what  you want. Also  it  was said that Discounts  would  be available, but I didn't  receive  any discount as you were cheating us. I know that you have a big  responsibility  but if you  have told  something to people,  stick to  it.  Also , the theatre Restaurant was closed because they've got a problem with the  schedule's organization . That was so  unpleasant , people  were  starving. I am so disappointed with this   that I am  within my rights  to ask for some money back, your theatre show wasn't  what   was  expected. Please let me know <NS type="M"></NS>. sincerely yours
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
I am 17 years old, and my life has been very normal. Since  I got  a computer with  a connection to the  Internet, my social life has changed. Now I have more friends and I have more fun. This has helped me a lot, because I can talk with my friends  who   live  in other countries.
 Computers   have  a lot of programs that  help  you communicate with others in  an   easier  way. 'Speak Freely' is fantastic, you don't pay and you can hear the voice of the one you miss. This has opened another world to me, distances aren't so sad, they are  shorter .
I have learned a lot with  the  Internet . It   gives  me the  opportunity  to know more about things  I never knew   about . It is incredible how it opens  up     another reality, a different view of life.
Now I have a different  lifestyle , I am more open to  the  world's problems and progress. I am  interested  in reading articles and developing myself.
Technology  has given  me another life,  it  has helped me. My knowledge has been developed and also my  lifestyle . I think that modern technology is our future, we don't have to depend on it, but we have to work for  the  biggest improvement.
Dear Sir/Madam , 
I am  writing  to inform  you of  some problems we had. I  went  to the theatre to see " Over The Rainbow "  (at*/on)  17th June.
First of all, we went to  the  ticket office to get the tickets. I thought we  could  buy discounts tickets  because of  the advertisement. However, we couldn't  buy them the price .  Eventually , we got the tickets,  because  we  wanted  to see the musical and Danny Brook.  When  we  arrived  at the theatre,  we  were very disappointed , because   a  different actor  performed   in  the musical that day. In addition,  it  started  at  20:15. We had to wait over 40  minutes    and we couldn't enjoy dinner at  the  theatre restaurant after the show.
I think if the musical  starts  late   , you should  open  the restaurant    late   .
To tell the truth, we couldn't enjoy our evening. Would it be possible for me to  back   my  money for  the  tickets ? 
I am looking forward to hearing  from  you.
Yours faithfully.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
We had a secret. After we  finished  school, we usually gathered  in a certain  place. Where do you think  it was ?
It was ship!! There was  a  beach  by  our town. One day, Freddie found it there.  It  was old and  a  little  dilapidated . But it was  the  most important place in the world. We always played there and it was  an  adventure for us.
One day,  suddenly ,  a  heavy storm came  to  our town. I went to the  beach  to  check on  our ship. My friends had  gone  there, too. We worried about it and we  tried  to  pull  it. It seemed to  sink  into the sea, but  fortunately ,  the  storm  soon went away . Our ship  was left  on the beach. And our parents and teachers  were there , too , because  Pat  had called  them. Of course we couldn't play there after that.
But now   I am thinking about  our new secret place . Where do you think  that is ?
It is a secret!!
17th June 2000
The Manager
The Circle Theatre
My wife and I are very keen on theatre, especially  (of*/with)  the funny actor "Danny Brook". When we saw your advertisement in the "Evening Post" we made a reservation.
Unfortunately, the next evening, one hour before the beginning of the show, we learnt that  the  actors  had  been changed at the last minute.
In addition, there was no discount available,  and  the show started at 20:15 and not at 19:30. After that, your restaurant was closed  without  reason.
We are very disappointed. It was not a "perfect evening out" but "a dreadful evening out".
It would be nice  (from*/of)  you if you could refund us some money or send us two new  tickets .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Dear Mr Manager
With reference to the show last week ,  I am writing to complain about the show, which was very  disappointing .
In the advertisement, it  states  that the actor  (for*/in)  this show is Danny Brook and TINA TRUELOVE. As a result I asked my  acquaintance  to come with me to the show. As soon as the show started ,  I realised that the actor wasn't DANNY.
I was very disappointed. In addition the concert didn't start on time. It was  a  quarter of an hour late. If I  had known  that the show was going to be late, I would  have asked  my mom to come with me, because her working  day  ended at eight o'clock. The restaurant was closed after the show ended.  Also  there were no discounts available . As  a result I had to  pay  extra    for the tickets.
In conclusion ,  it wasn't a perfect evening .  I didn't enjoy it at all due to the  inaccurate  advertisement. I would like to ask for my money back.
 Yours  sincerely
Thatt Chitchee
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. As a result Mallory had been arrested by the police two years ago. In addition he had to serve a life  sentence .
The story began in 1989 in New York. Mallory and his partner, Pat ,  had  thought up  the best plan in the world, which was to steal the diamond from the national bank.  However,  the only way to get into the building was at the top of the  building . Their plan was to cut the alarm from the top of the building. The alarm was situated at the top. So they could take their time, rather than going in  (at*/through)  the front door. As soon as Mallory stole the diamond , he  ran away. Unfortunately the guard saw him. By the time he got out of the building, the cops  were   everywhere  but as long as Mallory is alive, he won't be arrested, with his  unpredictable  mind. He ran into the old  building , and  hid  a diamond in there. Unfortunately ,  the building was a police station.
Dear Sir/Madam:
I am writing to you to complain about the musical show Over the rainbow. My wife and  I  went to The Circle Theatre last Saturday evening because we love the main actor, Danny Brook. We felt very disappointed when we discovered that Danny had been replaced by an unknown and really bad actor.
The show should have started at half past seven but we had to wait for forty-five minutes without any kind of explanation.
Not only was the show late and awful but it was expensive too. The advertisement said there were discounts available but when we arrived there the woman who sells the tickets told us the discounts were only available on Monday evenings.
Despite the terrible evening we decided to go to the theatre restaurant to relax and have dinner, but we found it was closed because its floor was being repaired.
As you can see it wasn't a perfect evening at all!
That is why I am writing to you. I want you to give  us  our money back because the things published in your advertisement aren't true. There should be no problem as I still have the tickets.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie
Dear Matt:
It's been a long time since I last wrote  to  you!
I'm always very busy  travelling  from one country to another, you know.
I'm writing to you now because I've been told that  a short story by Agatha Christie is going to be read on the radio . It will be  next  Sunday on the local station at five o'clock in the evening.
It's a story  entitled  Accident, and I think you'll enjoy it.
The story is about    life in a small village. The main character is a retired police inspector who recognises a woman.
That woman is supposed to have killed her husbands (at least two), because she wanted their money.
The policeman lets her know he has discovered her and he won't allow another crime. He threatens to tell her husband what she had done. However, she's a very clever woman and she doesn't look worried.
In the end, the three of them are having a cup of coffee and one of the cups contains a terrible poison. There will be a horrible accident in a few seconds.
Listen to the radio if you want to know how it ends.
Drop me a line and let me know what    you make of the story.
Best wishes,
Santigo, June 17th, 2000
Mr. Manager of the Circle Theatre,
While I was staying in London, I went to see one of your musical shows, "Over The Rainbow", because I had read the  ad   (on*/in)  the newspaper, and I thought it would be an interesting experience. Let me tell you now how everything really was.
One of the  reasons  I went to see that particular show   was the starring actor ,  announced in the  ad     to be  Danny Brook, but when the show actually started,  (with*/after)   forty-five   minutes'  delay, I realized that Danny Brook was not in the play. The  ad  also mentioned discounts, but that wasn't true either. After the play, which turned out to be just as bad as I thought, I wanted to relax in the Theatre Restaurant, but it was closed, and for no reason!
It is for these reasons that I expect a full refund of the ticket  price  . It  is my right as a paying customer to get what I have paid for. Looking forward to hearing from you.
We can hardly imagine life without  computers ,  TV  sets, microwaves, and so many other things, and yet   none of these things existed seventy years ago. I think that the life we live is easier than  the life  our parents  lived , thanks to technology. We can do things our grandparents could only dream of.  The  Internet, I think, is one of the most important inventions in the history of humanity. My life has not been affected or changed by technology, because when I was born, most of the things that I use in my daily life already existed. But technology is becoming more and more complicated, and new things are invented every day, so I think that our  lives  will be completely different in forty years. And, since all these new things only make our  lives  easier, technology is welcome.
Dear  Sir/Madam 
Last night I went to your theatre to see the musical show "Over the  Rainbow " and I would like to tell you that it wasn't what I expected to see.
Actually this  was  because    most things I  saw  were  different  from what the advertisement  said .
First of all it  said  that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were starring, but Danny wasn't there and somebody else took his place. This was the most disappointing thing I  heard .
Also you  said  that the show    was going to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15. You ought to know that all the people hated  waiting  and started  to make      complaints .
The discounts weren't available and your theatre restaurant wasn't open   because the owners were  (for*/on)   holiday .
 Finally  you  said  that it  would be  our perfect evening out, but like I said before ,  it wasn't. Actually it was terrible and I would like to have my money back.
I am looking forward to  receiving  your  reply  . 
Yours  faithfully 
 Unfortunately , Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. After we had had an argument she told all the school my secrets. She  really let me down .
I  had met  her  a year before  and from the first time we  talked  to each other we  were  friends. It took us a  little  time to  become  best  friends  and after that we were always together. Every day after school she  came  to my house or I went to hers.
 We were always  laughing and having  a  great time. I loved her a lot and I thought she felt the same about me, but I  was  wrong. Anyway,  I always   trusted  her  with  my secrets, because I was sure she wouldn't tell them to other people, even if some  day  we would be apart. But I was wrong again.
One day, we went to a party, where she met some of the most  popular  girls in the school. She started to act like them and speak like them. When I told her, she became very angry   and she left  without saying anything .  Afterwards  ,  when I saw her, she  laughed  at me and the next day all the school knew everything about me. I started to cry but later I got over it . 
Now the only thing I care  about  is that she couldn't keep secrets and all the school is looking down on me.
Dear  MANAGER  of the theatre
I'm writing just for  one  reason, to inform you how bad    the present  production is ,  called  "OVER THE RAINBOW".
First of all ,  in the  description  of the show, the  star   was  Mr. DANNY BROOK, and it wasn't. Another thing was the    time  of the performance  ;  the show started  forty-five  minutes late.
So try to imagine my situation .  I had  paid  a lot of money and I  didn't   see  a good show .  I am really disappointed. When the play ,  "over the Rainbow" ,  finished I tried to eat something, but the fact was that the theatre restaurant was closed, because your  personnel  were cleaning all the  mess  that  an  old dog  made .
But, the principal reason  (of*/for)  this letter is to ask for some money back. I think that  would  be    best for everyone, and  I'd  like to give you  some  advice ;  if somebody  pays  you for a ticket, try to give the best you can.
 Hoping   to hear  from you.
 Unfortunately , Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. So, I'm going to tell  you  about my grandfather and his friend Pat:
Many years ago, more or less seventy years  ago  a young man ,  with  an   excellent  capacity  (of*/for)  thinking and  inventing     things, started building a big thing called  a  "time machine". He worked day and night.
Every day after having dinner Pat, his best friend, and my grandpa met to talk about their problems, but my Grandpa never told Pat about his new project.
One month later, his  work  was complete, but he was afraid     to test  his machine, so he called Pat and spoke  to   him  about it.
The only thing Pat  had   to do    was to choose a date,    one he  liked  ,  and to press the starter  button , and you know   what ?   He  did it! The machine worked really  well .
The fact was that Pat  chose  to go to the year 2000, and when he arrived, he told  everyone  that he was the inventor. That's why Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
THE END.
London, June 17th, 2000
Dear Sir,
Last week I bought some tickets to the musical show "Over the Rainbow", thinking that I would have a perfect evening,  as  its advertisement  promises  us.
Unfortunately, I had a terrible evening. At first I became worried because there  weren't  any discounts available,  though  your advertisement  says   there are . And I became even more angry  when I   had  to wait 45 minutes for the show to begin. It's necessary to start on time, and your  paper   had informed   us  that it would begin at 19:30. It didn't happen.
To complete my sadness, the main actor was replaced by another one who  I'd  never heard anything  (from*/about) , and did not have the same talent that the one shown on the advertisement  has .
I'm writing to you to complain about this show, and to ask for my money back. It isn't fair not returning the money  (for*/to)  a person who bought tickets to watch a show that was supposed to be great, but actually was a  disgrace .
I'm looking forward to your answer.
Cordially,
Secrets between friends
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. And because of that, everyone at school  got  to know that Ali was dating Nick,  who   was  Caroline's boyfriend at the time.
Pat was Ali's best friend, and because of that, Ali told her that she was going out with Caroline's boyfriend, but asked her to keep  it  secret.
One week later, everyone at school started to laugh at Caroline and look down on Ali and Nick. Caroline discovered everything, and argued with the  unfaithful  couple. It was a big quarrel, people that were many  metres   away  could hear it. Pat entered the fight, and it became more loud and  aggressive .
One more week  passed , and things became calm: Ali decided  never to   look Pat  in the eye  anymore. They have  become        big enemies. And Nick told her that his real love was his girlfriend Caroline, and that they weren't going to break up. Poor Ali..
So, it's very important to be a person  who  can keep secrets, even your own secrets, or a friend's one. One of the most beautiful things  (on*/in)  the world is    true and loyal friendship. Then, we have to be  the  best secret keepers    possible, or we will end  up  like Ali and Pat.
17.06.2000
Hello Sir,
" I'm  very  unhappy  that I have to write you this letter. I have to do this because things happened which I can't ignore and which disappointed me very much.
On the 12th of June this year I went to London to visit a friend of mine. We had a great time together until we decided to visit the musical "Over the Rainbow"  (in*/at)  the "Circle  Theatre ". We went there at 19.00 o'clock to get some tickets, but ,  when we arrived, a long line of people were standing there, waiting to get tickets. After we waited for half an hour to get two spare seat tickets, we had to wait 45 minutes until it started. One of the  reasons   why    I wanted to see the musical was my favourite actor Danny Brook, but he didn't  appear ! So when the miserable musical came to  its  end, we were happy to leave the  theatre   auditorium , but we both wanted to have dinner in the theatre restaurant, because no  restaurants  were  open  anymore, because it started too late. So we went upstairs to find the restaurant, but we just  found  a big empty hall, with nothing in it, with a  small  sign on a door: "Sorry, we are closed  for  renovations"! We thought it     was  a joke, but it wasn't. Because you are the manager, I think you are the only person who can change  anything . I would prefer  to get  my money back, instead of  getting  a lawyer. I will never visit your theatre again!
Sincerely
Hedwiga Heinkel
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. And we knew that from  that  day on   that  if  he  knew  anything about our secret we  would  live in danger  of  being caught. We, that  is  Tim, Gudrun, Paul and me ,  Hedwiga ,  had founded our own mafia, we were the kings in our small town, and we had a lot of people paying us money, so that we  wouldn't  attack them. We had this idea first   when we watched a movie about the Italian mafia in an English lesson in school. It was  love at first sight  and we were fascinated by the thought    of  building     the same kind of  organisation in our town. Pat was my big brother, who had  heard  of some people paying, " safety-money ", but never know the reason, until he found a  large   amount  of money in my room. His  mind made up  and ready to go to the police he  left  our house, where me and my  friends  were just hanging  out . He saw me and  told  me  (into*/to)  my face , "You  are a thief and a burglar and I will  now go  to the police ."  I didn't know what to do ,but then I had an idea.... Yeah  folks , that was the point I got  interrupted  by my parents in this beautiful dream, but  if  you  want   to hear  the end of my story than buy the "Rossall-School- magazine ",  next   issue , and you will hear the end of this unbelievable story.
Dear Sir/Madam
I  visited  your  theatre  and I was very  disappointed   for   a  number of reasons.
I've read your  advertisement  and  the  reality  was different to what was written there .
There was no Danny Brook but instead of him  there  was a different actor and I'm very  disappointed  about  that  because I'm  a fan of his . The show started much later,    45 minutes later than it should  have  so I was late for the bus. There were no discounts  available  so I  overspent    . The  theatre  restaurant was closed for no reason  apparent  to me.
It was a  really  bad evening and because of  that  could you possibly give  me  my money back? Because it was just a waste of money  going  to your show.
Yours Faithfully
Vaisili Solatov
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. But when I came to this school a few months ago I didn't know this. We are in the same maths set so I met him rather soon. He was one of the first people who I  got   to know . After a few days he was already my best friend. Everything was going perfectly  before  last month when I met a girl from the other school. Her name was Marine. I saw her as a perfect girl with  whom  I  had fallen  in love   . So one day she  invited     me to come to her house at night and to do so I had to run away from our boarding house and that was  illegal . I had decided to go. So I woke up at 2 o'clock in the morning and  climbed  out of the window. Unfortunately for me Pat at the time  was going  to  the  toilet and saw me. So I asked him to keep it  a  secret. I came back at 6 o'clock in the morning and went to sleep again. Next day my best friend went to  the  headmaster and told him about me so he  put  me  on   suspension .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to you because I went to The Circle Theatre some days ago and I regret to inform you that it was not a good experience.
According to the advertisement Danny Brook was the male actor. However ,  he did not act, and his  substitute  was not very good at acting.
Secondly I had problems with both tickets and time.
The play started at 20:15 instead of 19.30. Furthermore I could not get a discount although I think I was entitled to it. (I have a special youth card).
In addition the theatre restaurant was not  open  because of the waiters' strike.
In conclusion, not only  was my evening  horrible but also expensive. That is why I ask you     to refund  my money, or at least part of it.
Faithfully,
Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie (Accident)
Dear Nigel,
I was pleased to hear from you last week. Now I am writing to you because a story  (of*/by)  Agatha Christie is going to be read on the radio. Its title is "Accident"
I know you are interested in the author and I think you'll like the story.
Firstly the main character is Evans, a retired police captain. He is not as well-known as Poirot or Miss Marple, but his personality  is  quite interesting. I am sure you'll agree with me.
Secondly the plot. It is about a woman who poisoned her first husband. At least this is Evans' opinion. Not only is the plot interesting but also it  catches  your  interest   (since*/from)  the first moment.
Finally, you should pay attention to the ending ,  which is surprising.
I hope you will spend a good evening listening to the radio. The story is going to be read next Friday at 8.00 p.m. Have a good time and write soon.
Love,
Mr Smith,
Spending a week in London  (for*/on)   holiday  last week, I  decided  to go to the theatre in order to see your wonderful musical show. Unfortunately, I had a really  disappointing  evening! Indeed,  first , the  performance  didn't start at 19:30 as it was  meant to   according to  the advertisement but 45 minutes later (20:15).
Then, the actors (Danny Brook and Tina Truelove) who were mentioned  in the advert  and  were supposed  to  perform  weren't present. There were different actors who took  their   roles .
Thus, the musical show wasn't as good as it should have been. I was very disappointed because D. Brook and T. Truelove are  such  great actors and I was very excited  about   seeing  them.
Furthermore,  (on*/in)  the advertisement I got,  it  was written that the theatre restaurant was  open . I told myself, I could eat over there and maybe  have  a better evening than  I was having  at the  beginning   of the show  but I wasn't lucky because the restaurant was closed! The customers weren't told why they couldn't have a meal. No reasons were  given .
As you can  see ,  the  perfect evening I had  expected    was a nightmare; that's why I would  be pleased   if  you  gave   me  my money back because I cannot tolerate such a thing!
From the  beginning  of the century to now, modern technology has changed and has made our daily life easier.
Indeed,     modernisation  helps us to lead a  more comfortable  and better life than before. For example, cars  and  planes are    wonderful  inventions ! A few centuries ago, it took many hours (even several days) to go  (to*/from)   one  city to  another     or to travel abroad. People couldn't  think  of such innovation in our world and yet, it was created.  Mankind  became more and more clever and built  wonderful  things thanks to his thoughts and his hands.
 Communication  has made many  advances  too. Everyone  has  a television at home. "A machine which talks and shows pictures!" It's a revolution, something which was unbelievable a few centuries ago. Although there are new machines etc,     medicine  makes many  discoveries  thanks to     research   (on*/into)  different diseases in order to make the population  live   longer .
Thus,    modern technology seems to be a positive way    to improve our daily life.
Dear Sir,
 On  the evening I  spent  in your theatre, I was supposed to see "Over the rainbow" (as you wrote on the  flyer ).
However, it was    not  as  you described!
First, there was a big  delay   (about*/with)  the  performance . The show  began  45 minutes later than  expected !
 To make matters worse , we have never had the  opportunity  to see Danny Brook because, instead, there was a different actor! How can you explain that big mistake?  On top of everything , you  told  us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show. How could we visit this place   if it is not open?!
You wrote so  persuasively  that it would be our "Perfect Evening Out"...
I am really disappointed about this experience. I spent £20 - and  there was  not as you wrote  any  "discount available". I will not make  trouble  but I ask you politely  for  my money back.
I hope   you will agree and share my  disappointment .
I am looking forward to staying in contact with you.
 Sincerely  yours,
Fashion of the Future
 The future  .  Everybody  asks   what   our world will  look like.  What  about    fashion in 100 years?
I think we have to take  our environment into consideration :    pollution makes  the atmosphere warmer and warmer . In fact,  winters  will be rare or will maybe even disappear. The ice will  melt , the weather will be warmer.
People won't wear warm clothes anymore and they will  certainly  be  synthetic , because there won't be enough  places  to  cultivate  cotton and to let  sheep graze .
Community:  another  very important point!  The electronic  community  takes more and more pace  in our    lifestyle. We  will  see      objects     become  smaller. So small that I can  not  imagine, they will be  introduced  (maybe like chips)  (in*/into)  our clothes.
Our feelings will be  transmitted   electronically  through our clothes to other people. I think  (at*/of)   an  internet. " The  Internet on our body".. I'm  sure  that is not impossible!
Clothes will take a very important place in our future. They will be like a second skin.
Or do you think, an  ice age  will come?
Dear Sir
As I thought your advertisement was interesting, I went there but it was not  as  good as it should be. First of all, the actor was not Danny Brook as you wrote. Secondly, it ought to start at 19:30 but it really started at 20:30. According to the advertisement,    discounts  would be  available. In fact, I had to pay the full price ,  which  cost  me £15. After the show I intended to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed because ,   though  you  knew  that the show started late,    the restaurant had closed before the show finished.
 As I have informed you  of  all the  facts  , I think the show was not worth the money I paid, so I want  a  refund  (for*/of)  £15.
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
 Yours  faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. The story begins when Jan, who was Pat's best friend, told Pat that she saw Tim when he was cheating  in  the exam. The next day, Pat told everybody what she had heard from Jan, so when the news came to  the  teachers' ears, the teachers decided to give Tim  a  grade F in that subject and tell his parents!!
Tim, who was the most powerful bully, was punished by his parents and of course by the teachers. He was furious with Jan, so what happened was Jan was bullied but not because of her  fault  . It  was Pat's.
Actually, I think it was right to tell the teachers but not in Pat's way. It would have been better for both Pat and Jan if they had told the teachers privately and secretly because Tim  wouldn't have  known who had told the teachers.
Now, Jan  is still being  bullied nearly  every day . Her parents have been so upset that they have asked the school to help  their  child and that is the reason why I'm writing this story. If all of us try to help her, I'm sure that we can  make her school life better .
Mr John Smythe,
I'm writing to tell you about the horrible evening I had on Friday. I was very excited  (with*/at)  the idea of going to the theatre, but it didn't work out as I thought it  would .
First of all ,  the starring actors were supposed to be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove .  Tina did act, but Danny Brook was replaced by an awful actor whose name I don't recall.
Second of all, the play was  supposed  to start at 19:30, but it started at 20:15. I'm not used to  wasting  my time sitting on a chair waiting, I do have better things to do with it.
Another thing I want to complain about   is that  you  advertised that discounts were available, but there wasn't any discount at all.
To finish my " marvellous " evening, I wanted to eat at your restaurant, but it was closed and no reason was given.
As I didn't have a "perfect evening out", I think I have the right to ask for my money back. I hope you understand.
Yours faithfully
Pat's story
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Now  you're  probably asking yourself what does  that  mean, well, now I'm going to explain it to you.
Two years ago in this school, Pat and I used to be best friends. We used to tell everything to each other. I was having some family problems, so my marks were  going  down and down. Pat was worried, she didn't know what to do. One day she looked me in the eyes with a sharp ,  deep look,  never  have I seen such a deep look ,  and asked me what was happening and I told her as I always used to. That afternoon she visited me and told me a plan she had designed to make my marks rise. It consisted in stealing the school  list  from the computer, in other words,  hacking   into  the school software.
I thought it was a great idea, so I stole about ten tests we were  scheduled  to do.
Pat couldn't stand the pressure of the "crime" so she told the school directors that I stole the tests. I was punished, nearly  expelled , but Pat didn't receive any punishment. I never accused her of lying, and  if  you ask me why, I really don't know.
To. Mr or Mrs Manager of Circle Theatre.
Hi. My name is Taeron Jon. And I would like to inform you that something is not right and  is  unfair about your theatre. I recently had a week's holiday in London. During  my  stay I went to your theatre to see a musical show and  unfortunately  I had a very disappointing evening.
The advertisement that you distributed through all the magazines  was  totally untrue.  Which so called "Rip off". 
First of all ,  you said Danny Brook  was  in the play but  a  different actor was in the  role . It was just unbelievably disappointing because the reason ,  I mean  the  main reason ,  which made me  go  was to see Danny Brook.
Secondly ,  about the time. If it's delayed you should have told us before. Not waiting there for almost 1 hour doing nothing. Due to  the  late start ,  it finished at 1 AM and my taxi which I booked just left so I had to wait  outside  for another hour to get a taxi. It was freezing  outside  and I got  a  horrible cold  because of  that.
 Lastly,  about the ticket .   The  advertisment  said  ' Discounts  Available' but no way ,  I had to  pay   the  full £ 20.00 and  the  restaurant was closed because of rebuilding  or  something.  However  ,  the point that  I  am trying to  make  is  that  you just ruined my  holiday . For me, It's not easy to  get   a  holiday and your play just blew my precious time away.
Let me make it clear, you  wasted  my time and money. I don't  think  your play worth £ 20.00.
Your  advertisement  was  unfair . As you are a manager, you have  responsibility   for    justifying   this problem. and I have  a  right to get    fair treatment as a  customer .
So ,  therefore ,  I would like you to pay some money back. I am not asking for full payment but  at least  50%  of   what   I  paid for nothing but the  disappointment .
Thank you.
Yours
Taeron Jon
Fashion of the future.
Fashion, what is fashion? Popular design of  clothes . In  a  particular time? Maybe. But I say fashion is Artistic  inspiration  which  is  expressed by fabric and all  sorts  of material. In some way, fashion is combined with science as well.
 Nowadays,  fashion  plays   a  big  role  in our daily life.  A million  kinds of fashion magazines and  newspapers   tell  you how much people are interested in fashion.
What about after 100 years? I believe we'll be more into fashionable  stuff . As I said before, fashion is somehow influenced by science and  inspirations  that we get from all  sorts  of  environments .
 Scientific developments  produce new materials like  waterproof  or  fireproof  fabrics. For example ,   space suits .
These days we are very  interested  in space and  the   millennium  and things and many designers  have   shown   millennium  looks recently. But we don't wear them. Frankly we can't because we think it's too odd or strange.
But what about 100  years  later? I expect human  beings will  live  (in*/on)     other planets and  travel  around under  the  sea.
I think  people will  wear those  spacy-  and  cyber-looking   clothes  after a  century . What do you think?
Can you  imagine  you and your friends going  on   a  picnic to the Moon with  a  silvery skirt with  astronaut  boots with fire coming out at the bottom of your boots? It could be more  fascinating .
Endless imagination and development of technology will lead us to future fashion.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I would like to point out the problems  I encountered  when I went to watch your musical show 'Over the Rainbow' at the Circle Theatre.
 (On*/In)  your advertisement, you  had  written that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove would be performing. However, I noticed when I was watching it that a different actor was performing. I  had  expected Danny Brook to perform and it was extremely disappointing.
Also, the times printed  (on*/in)  your  advertisement   were  14.30 and 19:30. I went to the 19:30 show, but it did not start until it was 20:15. I had my evening planned out and I was not pleased that the show started forty-five minutes late.
 (On*/In)  your  advertisement , it said that discounts were available for the tickets. However, when I was there to buy a ticket, there were no discounts available.
I was rather thirsty and hungry after the show and    your  advertisement    made a cup of tea and some cakes in your restaurant sound rather inviting. However, to my disappointment, the restaurant was closed because it was being redecorated.
It was not my 'perfect evening out', as your  advertisement  said it would be, and I would like some  money  back. I hope you  will  give these problems your immediate attention.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. One minute I told her the biggest secret of my life ;  the next she had told someone all about it. I trusted her! How could I have been so stupid, so blind  as  not to see her  inability  to keep the biggest secret about my biggest crush ever?
When I overheard girls from other forms gossiping about me and my latest crush, I was furious. I was seething.  On that day , Pat and I stopped being friends.
I moved away that year,    to a whole new place and a whole new school. Once in a while my old schoolmates came and visited me and we had lots of fun together, just like the old times. However ,  I felt I could not talk to them about the problems I was having,  the one problem about  my parents getting a divorce.
When my parents told me the news, I was stunned, dazed. My dad began packing his things the very next day,  to move  to his new apartment where he would live while waiting for the divorce papers  and signing them . That period of my life was one of the worst. I went into a depression, and  no  matter who tried to make me feel better, I only felt worse.
However, the person who helped me through this hard time was, surprisingly, Pat. She showed up on my doorstep just when I was having one of my worst days. She told me she  had heard  about my parents' divorce and wanted to help. When she was comforting me I noticed she had changed. She was a person I could turn to, I could trust. She let me pour out my feelings, a thing I did not do  (to*/with)  anyone. Ever since, she  has had  my trust and  I   have told  her my feelings and secrets. Unlike a year ago she did not tell a soul. She kept every single one of my secrets well, and ,  not surprisingly, she became my best friend. Eventually, I got over my parents' divorce and lived like a normal, happy teenager.
My happiness was  short-lived . When I came home from school one day, I received a phone call from Pat's mum, and in a voice  choked  with tears she told me that Pat had died in an accident. She had been killed by a speeding car.
The news shook me to the very core. I cried for days  on end , eating and sleeping very little. I fell into a deep depression, and took an extremely long time to recover.
I  still miss  Pat, but my pain is nearly over now. I could only comfort myself by reminding myself that at least she died knowing I had forgiven her for telling my secret.
Dear Sir,
Being on    holiday    in London, I dreamed  of   going  to the theatre  (for*/to)  a musical show. I saw your advertisement last Monday, and thought ,  "It is that one that I want to try."
In fact, your musical show was attractive: actors, time, restaurant, discount tickets, and also the title! I started to be OK with    "Your perfect evening out",  certain   I was  not  going  to be deceived.
But  everything  was disappointing! First, as I am very  fond  of Danny Brook, I  was  surprised  that  he  had totally changed  his voice, face, and so on! It was not Danny on the  stage ! Second bad point:  not being narrow-minded , I accept other actors.. but  only  if the show  begins  on time -  it  began at a quarter past eight   .
There were no discount  seats  because it was not  planned   by the theatre like that . What was written  (on*/in)  the advertisement?
The  summum  was reached when I saw the restaurant was closed for "holidays".
I was terribly  annoyed ! I spent the  worst  evening of my holiday  (in*/at)  this show!
So I  now need  a "perfect -  refund  -"  (for*/in)  replacement  (of*/for)  your "perfect evening out".
I do hope you will accept and understand this request.
Yours:
"How has modern technology changed your daily life?" First of all, "daily life" concerns (as far as I am concerned) my life everywhere, and more precisely at home, at the university and at work.  As recently as  two years ago, I was working with a  notebook  or  diary , and I used to  use     a wired phone system.  Nowadays , I organise my activities with an electronic organizer that  allows  me to connect to  the  Internet by infra-red link with my mobile phone to get  information  and electronic  mail . I am always  available   (with*/on)  my mobile phone,  which  is also  boring sometimes ! Being  (in*/on)  an apprenticeship, I go  to  both work and university. At the university, I have  studied  with  computer-aided  systems. I often go on  the  Internet to find  information   when  studying a  particular  subject more  closely  (university technology sites). At work my  particular  job  involves  two standard  PCs  with  specific   software  plus one workstation with the Stanford University Network (SUN) operating system and a  special  computer that my firm is  now developing . At home, I have got a personal computer for my  mail  and accounts, and electronic mail plus  the   Internet  for keeping  in touch with  my friends  who  are  (at*/on)  the other  side  of France or Germany, Korea and so on. So modern technology has totally changed my daily life!
17/06/2000
Mr Smith,
I write  to  you because last  Friday  I had a very disappointing evening  (in*/at)  your theatre. I went there because I had read a  banner  about the musical show "Over the rainbow", but  a lot of   information   was  wrong.
Last week I was in London with my friends and we decided to go to the theatre to see    the famous Danny Brook act.
But when we arrived at 2.00 pm to see the  2.30 pm show , we couldn't enter    the theatre because the discounts weren't available. So we returned in the evening and we waited 45 minutes  (until*/for)  the beginning of the show!  Not  only  that : we had the bad surprise that Brook had been  replaced  by another actor!
I ask you if  it is  possible to have my money back, please, because I want to  forget  that expense. Thank you.
Yours faithfully
Modern technology can't not  transform  our daily life.
The inventions of the  aeroplane , of the train and of the car, have reduced the distances of the world, so we can go to the other side of the world in half a day. It means that daily life is faster and busier because I'm able to go to school in the morning and then to play soccer in the afternoon, and  (after*/in)   a  few minutes I can  be   (in*/on)  the other side of Lecce to play piano with my    band, then I can go back home when I want, listening  to  the  news  about what  has happened  around the world  (with*/on)   my car radio . So I have  many  more  interesting  things to do in my life.
But the most important innovation  (of*/in)   technological  development is the computer.  (In*/At)   every time  of the day I can communicate with people of all  nationalities  of the world, I can  get   information  about everything, I can buy something which I can't find in the shops  (of*/in)  my town, so I can do anything just  by  clicking on the mouse!
Sadly, there is also a negative aspect. Sometimes,  the  computer  replaces  real relationships between people. In fact, many boys  spend  several hours in front of their computer and     forget  that out of their houses there are their friends....
In conclusion, I think that modern technology  makes  my life more interesting, but I prefer to  be  with my friends and with my girlfriend  than  in front of a computer!
Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to you to complain about the musical show I went to see last Wednesday. I was told I would have the most perfect evening in London, but it was not. When I bought my ticket I expected to be able to take advantage of those discounts you announced in the newspaper advertisement but  then  I had to pay the most expensive price. I went to see the  19:30 performance  but it did not start until 20:15! I was really angry but I wanted to see Danny Brook. My surprise was when, instead of Mr. Brook, a different actor appeared on stage. At the end of the show I decided to go to the theatre restaurant but when I arrived I realized it was closed because the    show had finished too late! All I am asking for is a full refund of the money I spent  (in*/on)  the musical. I look forward to hearing from you. Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Now Marion was really angry with her.
Some days ago Pat met her friend Paul, the editor of the school's newspaper. Paul asked her some questions about her childhood and her toys because he was going to write an article about children. While Pat was talking she remembered playing with her dolls and  having  a good time with them. Then Paul asked her if she knew something about Marion's childhood. Pat told him some unimportant things such as she learnt to swim at the age of five or that she loved ants. But, suddenly, she started to talk about Marion's toys. She told Paul she had a special toy called Max and that she slept with him. A terrible mistake!
In the following edition the headline was: "Why  does  a teenager  sleep  with a toy called Max?" Everybody  laughed  at her. Marion felt really embarrassed. Two weeks later everybody  forgot  about Marion's secret and she  reconsidered  her relationship with Pat. They became friends again. But Marion would never tell Pat a secret again!!
Dear Sir,
My name is ***. Recently I spent a week's holiday in London.  I read  the advertisement and I found it interesting so I  thought  that it would be nice to  spend  one of the nights I had in London at your musical show.
But I was completely wrong. It was an awful experience. I  went  with two friends on the 21st  of  August, and one of the reasons was that we  are  big fans of Danny Brook and we were looking forward to  seeing  his show. You can imagine  how  disappointing  it  was to find out that he was replaced by another actor  who   is  not so popular.
We were there at 19:15 ,  as the show was starting at 19:30 ,      to get  our tickets. We asked for the discounts you  mentioned   (at*/in)  your advertisement but  at  the counter  they  told us that they were not available because it was Sunday.
That was terrible but we didn't want to  make a fuss  so we went inside and  waited . The show started forty-five minutes later. We got really bored waiting.
After the show  finished  we went for dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the owner was ill.
 (From*/For)  all these reasons you can understand how unpleasant our evening   was .  We are asking you to return our money.  I hope  you'll understand . 
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. From the time she was a child she couldn't keep anything  (for*/to)  herself, she always shared her thoughts with other people . 
She was about sixteen years old when she moved to another city with her family. She went to a new school and she had no friends. She was not very sociable and she could not  establish  relationships very easily.  (By*/In)     time she became close  friends  with Kim, who was really strange to  the  other students . Everybody  disliked her.
Pat was wondering why and one day she found out. Kim explained  to  her that she kept  her  distance from the other students because her father was in prison and  she   didn't want anyone  to find out.
Pat  kept  this a secret for two months but one day  revealed  it by accident to a boy  (from*/in)  her class. In a few days all  the  school  knew  Kim's story. Kim was  terrified  because everyone was making fun  (on*/of)  her and  she   was  very angry with Pat.
Pat had to make  it  up  to Kim . She had to find a way to make Kim forgive her.
She  found  the perfect way. She  stood  up  in front  of the whole  class  and explained that Kim's  father's  actions didn't  influence  Kim , that  she was a great friend to her and if someone  deserved  to be punished ,   it  was her. Kim forgave her and all the students  understood  how wrong they  had been  and were very sorry. They  could  all  get  to know the real Kim  now .
Dear Mr Brown,
I'm writing this letter to you to make a  complaint  about the  musical show "Over the Rainbow"  which I saw yesterday. I have to say that I'm very disappointed with what I saw because  (by*/after)   seeing  your  advertisement  I expected more .   The  show was entirely different to what it says  (on*/in)  the  advertisement  .
I arrived at the theatre at 19:30, found my seat and waited for forty-five minutes, with two hundred other people ,  for the show to start.
When it finally started I noticed that the famous actor Danny Brook  had been replaced  by someone who was not as good as him. Danny Brook was the reason that most people came to see the show. After some time ,  a few of them started to leave the theatre. I was a little more  patient  so I stayed to watch the  whole  show, which by the way was the worst I  have  ever seen. I don't know why I  paid  £20 with no  discount  ,   which  the advertisements said  I   would  have. Then I  thought  that I should go to the theatre restaurant to have a drink or eat something so that I couldn't say that I  had wasted  my time by coming here. I became furious when I saw that it was closed because there weren't any employees to  do   the   work .
So, I went home as fast as I could to write you this letter. I don't care what you  do  about the theatre but I want my money back because this wasn't the perfect evening out you promised it would be.
 For the  last forty years, technology has been growing very fast.  First  it was used only by the military or by scientists but  for  the last twenty years modern technology  has been  found in any house, rich or poor ,  and it helps people do hard work.
Most houses have many electric devices like  a  microwave   , an oven ,  a mixer, a  dishwasher  and many other things which can do a job  (by*/at)  the press of a button.
 In the  last ten  years  computers  have entered  almost every house, especially in rich  countries .  Computers   have entirely changed   people's  lives. Children can play games on  them  or watch a film. There are millions of things you can do with a computer. You can listen to music and generally use it for fun but the primary reason that  computers  were invented was for communication. There are  hundreds  of  programs  which help you communicate with your cousin in Australia or with a complete stranger  who  you  want to  meet. Millions of people use computers for this reason.
The general conclusion about computers is that they help people to have easier lives by doing hard work and helping them. They are important to people who like to have fun with games and they are   maybe the best way to communicate with someone you know or a person you want to meet . 
Dear Sir,
I am writing to explain some aspects  (about*/of)  your show. It was a  disaster  and I am  going   to tell  you why.
I went to see my favourite actor, Danny Brook, but I had a bad surprise; he was not in the show! How could you change the actors without saying something to the  audience .
The show was supposed to start at half past seven and started  at  quarter past eight. Forty-five minutes  late ! It was incredible.
Apart from that, the advertisement  mentioned  that there were discounts available, and there were not. It  mentioned  that visitors could visit the restaurant after the show, too, and we could not because it was closed, and the person who was there said that it was very late and he was not allowed to open the restaurant for us.
I am very disappointed, and if it is possible, I want you to return my money   .
I hope that the next time you will  put on  a better show than the last one.
Yours faithfully,
 Technology  affects me a lot ,   maybe  more than science, because my daily life is  full  of objects  using high  technology, such us television, radio,  transport , etc.
But it has  advantages  as  well   as   disadvantages .
On the positive side, if I am bored, the first thing that I want to do is  watch  television or  listen  to music.  And  if I want to go shopping or to another city, it is necessary to use the car or    public transport.
On the other hand there are  disadvantages , too. Firstly, the  environment  is polluted because of technology, although  this  is our fault. Secondly for us  there   are      disadvantages  because    pollution affects us indirectly, and because I don't do anything but  watch  television, and it isn't very good at all.
And finally, because I spend a lot of money buying games for the computer,  which   it's a very good technology , too.
To sum up, technology  is  the best thing  (around*/in)  the world, apart from T.V.
Matthias Hähnel
104 Mühlenstrasse
09111 Chemnik
Germany
The manager of the Circle Theatre
Dear manager,
During my stay in London I went to your Circle Theatre to see the musical 'Over the rainbow'. In the  advertisement  you promised a perfect evening out, but it wasn't. So with this letter I want to ask for some money back. Now I want to explain  about  the problems. It was very disappointing for me that the actor wasn't Danny Brook,  as  was  promised  in the  advertisement . It  also said  that the evening shows  started   at  19.30, but it started 20.15. I had to buy a £20 ticket because discounts were not available. After the show I wanted to go to the theatre restaurant with my friends, but it was closed because of <NS type="M"></NS> illness. So I want to ask for my money back, also    I had to pay for but cancel the arranged taxi because of the wrong starting time in the  advertisement . I hope you will answer my letter and  solve  the problems  (in*/at)  your theatre.
Yours faithfully Adolf Schmidt
 First  you have to define what is meant by 'modern technology'. For me modern technology  is  things like personal computers, mobile phones, keyboards, video recorders,  hi-fi  sound systems, television or even cars. But are they     useful  in every situation and everywhere? My  opinion  is that modern technology can help you to save time. In my case for example my car is very time-saving. If I want to go to training I need not wait for the bus, and so I need not start one and a half  hours  before training ,  I start  half an  hour before. So I save one hour, which I can use for other hobbies or for homework or something else.  One finds the  same  problem  with mobile phones, if I  have  one I needn't go to the public phones, I save time. If I  have  got  the  Internet I can send e-mails, I needn't go to the letter box, I save time. In my daily life I can save time, but I think  everybody  should use  the   the time he has saved  for things like hiking, walking, swimming, for a "natural life" and not for a life in a technical world with stress and sorrows because we are humans and not robots. We should also move our body and not only use our brain.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about a number of  things .
I went to London on holiday and to The Circle Theatre to see Over The Rainbow.  However , this musical    was not as good as I expected.
First of all,  the show was   supposed  to start at 19.30, but it started    at 20.15. To make matters worse, instead of Danny Brook performing you had another actor, which was very disappointing. Secondly, it says in your advertisement that discounts would be available, despite the fact they were not.
On top of everything, you recommended  visiting  the theatre restaurant after the show.  However  ,  this was closed due to lack of  staff . According to your brochure    this would be the perfect evening out.
 Considering  my experience ,  it was not. I am expecting a full refund and compensation for the discomfort I have suffered. I am looking  forward  to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
Carley Agda Nilsen
Fashion of the future.
Designers are improving their skills all the time.
Nowadays, there are more and more people who  want  to become designers and the  competition  is increasing. Everybody wants to be the best. Due to this the quality of clothes is getting better and in 100 years we will be asking for a  greater  variety of clothes. Although, the price of clothes is increasing, people still buy them. We give other things priority so we are able to afford our clothes.
On the whole, people nowadays   do care more about their appearance and will  continue  to do  so .
It appears that people are more aware about clothes and also work.
I think people in the future will begin to  wear only  fashionable clothes. If you feel nice   in an outfit your  confidence  will be likely to increase and this might also help you to  advance your career , something which is very important today.
To the manager of the Circle Theatre.
I went to see Over the rainbow   , Friday evening the 16/6. The musical had been advertised  as  London's newest and best musical, but  all to my disappointment .
I had been looking forward to  seeing  my  favourite   actor  Danny Brook, but he had been replaced by some other actor. I was not too happy about that and why didn't the  show  start when it was  supposed  to start? (45 min late), and where were the discounts which were  supposed to be  available? Your advertisement was  full  of false advertising.  At the end  of the show I was looking forward to  having  a nice dinner in the restaurant together with my boyfriend, but it was closed, because you were short of staff. This was not my perfect evening out. I want to have at least half of my money back. I hope you  appreciate  my letter and that you'll try to  amend these problems ./ Sally Svenssen
How has modern technology Changed my daily life?
 Modern  technology like  the   Internet  ,  for example ,  has changed my life a lot both in good and bad ways. The  advantage   (with*/of)   the   Internet   is  that I can do all my shopping  (from*/over)   the   Internet . I don't have to  mess  around in the supermarket  on  a  Friday  evening, when I'm tired from school, I just get all the  groceries  I need delivered to my door  instead . I buy all my clothes on  the   Internet  as well and it works  brilliantly , but I have to admit that there are some disadvantages with  the   Internet  too. I don't get as much exercise as I used to get.  Nowadays  I spend 2 hours  in front  of the computer every day, shopping or chatting to people. I have got friends over the whole world now. I'll go to Japan next month to visit one of my  Internet friends .  Modern  technology  opens  new and exciting ways for us. I don't think that I  would be  going to Japan if it wasn't  for   the   Internet .  The Internet  has opened  up  a whole new world  (to*/for)  me.
Sally Svenssen
Dear Sir/Madam:
I'd like to complain about your '  best  ' musical show ,   which  I went to when  I had  a week's holiday in London. I felt really disappointed because the things you said in the advertisement  weren't  true.
I went there at 19.00 because the show started at 19.30 as the advertisement said but I queued for at least an hour because the ticket machine broke down. Finally, after an hour, when my  turn  came to buy the entrance ticket,  your  staff said I couldn't have a discount and  so as anyone . However ,  I bought the ticket ,  even  though  it was  expensive  ,  because I'd been queuing for ages and I really wanted to see my    idol, Danny Brook.
But when the show started, they said Danny wasn't there because of his illness and I felt very upset and dismayed about it because the  experience  I had was unlike what the advertisement  promised . After the boring show finished, I was hungry and I decided to go to your theatre restaurant but the restaurant was closed after 19.00. So what's the point  of   saying  'visit our restaurant after the show'?
 I had  a very disappointing evening and my anger influenced me for the rest of my holidays. I'd like to know if you can give the money back to me or I'll write letters to all the media departments to show how  deceitful  you were.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. He went to see the headmaster and told him  the whole  truth. Tim was the one who threw the paper aeroplane  (to*/at)  the headmaster and Jon was the one who said some bad words behind the  headmaster's   back  after he punished Jon. The headmaster was extremely angry about it and he gave both students a heavy punishment, which was  suspension  from school for a week.
This happened  (in*/on)     Thursday afternoon. When everyone finished their lunch, they all got into their classrooms quickly because they all knew that the headmaster  walked  round the school every Thursday. But some naughty students in my class were throwing paper aeroplanes when the teacher was  writing  something on the board. Unfortunately, one of the paper planes flew out of the window and hit       the headmaster's head. Everyone was laughing and the headmaster's face was full of anger. He then punished Jon but the one who did  it  was Tim so Jon was very angry and he said something bad about the headmaster  (among*/to)  us. Pat heard that and  he  went to see the headmaster straight after school. The headmaster went to see Jon and Tim and punished  them for  their bad  behaviour .
After that event   , Pat was Jon and Tim's enemy. They both got into trouble because of him. They    hate him so much.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about the musical show I  saw  last Friday in your theatre.
Unfortunately your advertisement  (about*/for)  it wasn't true!
Firstly,  it was  written that  Danny Brook would be performing in it , but in fact  he  wasn't. I was very disappointed when I saw someone I've never heard  (about*/of)    . In addition to this, the  time  ,  19.30 ,  wasn't correct.  We wasted  our time waiting outside in the cold  until     the doors    opened 45 minutes  late .
Secondly as a student I was hoping to get a  discount . Again, it wasn't true. When I enquired about the discounts,  (at*/with)  the cashier ,  they told me that they didn't have any information about  them .
 Lastly , after all my disappointments when I wanted to visit your restaurant, it was closed because it was too late. I think that you are not a good manager.
Therefore, I should be grateful if you would send me back some money for all the  disagreements  I've had in your theatre.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Pat is my best friend. We spent all our childhood together ,  usually driving our parents mad. As we  grew  up, we were getting closer and closer ,  sharing all our love stories and even more. I'm certain   that our friendship is stronger than other  people's . But I do have a problem with her. Pat isn't good at keeping secrets. Even  worse , she is not able to keep anything  to herself . For instance, I was organizing a party for my sister's birthday ,  asking all  her . friends  to keep   their mouths closed .  They all  did except one: Pat. Last year, Pat and I were driving back home and unfortunately ,  driving too fast ,  I drove through the front gate. I was wondering how to tell my parents and I asked Pat if she could keep it secret till I found the way to tell them. Of course, the following day all my family had heard    my odd story. In conclusion to this, why do I still  get  on with her . It's  the fact I love her as  much  as my sister and I know that she can change    if she  must  because ,  last week, she organized a huge party for me, without telling me.
Dear Manager:
I  recently  was in London,  staying  in my sister's home, and I went to  see  "Over the Rainbow". I had a  lot  of problems and I would like to tell you about them.
Early that day I went to buy the tickets and I decided to buy the expensive ones,  as  the  promotion paper  said they  gave  discounts to people  who  worked at the British Institute. I mentioned it, but they told me that  the  promotion had ended a long time ago. Why do you put  it   (on*/in)  the paper then? In the evening I got a flat tire, and because of this I got  to the show late , when I got to my  seat , it was  taken  (it cost a lot) and they took me to the cheapest seats, where I couldn't see a thing. After waiting a while in this uncomfortable  seat  the show started .  I waited 45 minutes and then the actors appeared, but I  discovered     that the main one wasn't Danny Brook, it was an impostor.
And finally when the show ended I decided to go  and  eat something, but the restaurant was closed because the chef was sick. Sorry, but  none of this is   professional , and I am going to  make a demand exactly because you don't have that , if you don't give me my money back.
I hope you understand me
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Yesterday I decided to go to the "blue disco" because the guy I liked was going to be there. But there was a little problem and it was that my  parents  didn't let me go  to discos alone , so I had to go  illegally , and I decided I would do it.
That night I waited until my parents were asleep and I  climbed  out  of  my window. I had told Pat to pick me up . She  was the only one  who   knew  my plan. I made her promise she wouldn't tell anyone my secret. So when we arrived  (to*/at)  the disco there was my guy waiting for me. To  summarise  the night ,  I am going steady with him, and he took me home. The next morning Pat came to my house .  I was sleeping so she talked to my mom and she suddenly asked her: At what time did Catana arrive  home  last night?...
All the truth was then told, and now I am  grounded  for life. She  definitely  doesn't know how to keep secrets.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you about an incident  that   occurred   (with*/at)  the musical    which was  put on   (by*/at)  your theatre during my week's holiday in London.
First of all, I would like to tell you that it was very disappointing for me that the  star  was not Danny Brook as your company had  advertised .
Moreover, the    show was said to start at 19:30 but it really started at 20:15.
As the show finished  late , we decided to eat something at your theatre restaurant but ,  to our surprise, it was closed.
As a result, we came back home in order to eat some fast food.
 Another  thing is that there was  not  any discount available so we  spent  a lot of money  (in*/on)     a bad show.
Before this week ends, I want your company to give me the money back.
Otherwise, I will sue your company.
I hope this kind of  thing  does not happen again.
 Yours  faithfully,
Manuela T. Miracola
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
One day, while I was studying maths, one of my friends, called Pat, asked me to have a  coffee  with her.
We went to a place called 'Deli' where we talked a lot about our school, the exams and, as we usually did, about our friends and  boyfriends .
We asked each other a lot of questions but then we started talking about things that had never been talked about with anybody , such  as the most important thing that had happened to us in our  lives  and  those   kinds  of secrets...
The problem started when I  confessed   to  her that I had  fallen  in love with Larry, who was my cousin's boyfriend. In spite of the fact that I told her to keep it    a secret, she went to my cousin's house and        retold      exactly what I had  told her.  As a result, my cousin went to my house in order to  get   herself  a detailed  account    .
As I  resolved  the  problem  with my cousin, I understood why my mother had told me that 'friends' sometimes weren't  what  you expected them to be.
Dear Madam/Sir,
I'm  writing  to you to explain  the  problem that I have had in your theatre.
I  recently  had a week's holiday in London, and ,  during my stay, I went  (in*/to)  your theatre to see "Over the Rainbow" because I  had  seen an advertisement  (about*/for)  this show and I was really  interested   in   seeing  it for many reasons, one of  the  reasons    is that I love the  star  ,  Danny Brook. And I would like    you  to know  that I have had a very disappointing evening, due to the differences between the advertisement and the show that I saw.
First of all, the actor was not Danny Brook.
Secondly, in your advertisement the time of the show was 19:30 and in  reality  the show  started  at 20:15 and the discount was not available.
Finally, I wanted to visit  your  theatre restaurant after the show but it was already closed.
So, I had a very disappointing evening and it would be very kind of you if you  gave  me back the money  I spent .
 I am  looking forward to  hearing   from  you as soon as possible.
 Yours  faithfully,
I think it is very good to have    science and technology because  they  can really  affect  our lives.
For example ,  20 years ago, people who were affected by the AIDS Virus couldn't live more than two or three years, but now with the new science, there  are  several  therapies  and now people affected by this virus can live many years.
I think you can do a lot  more      things  now than before with     technology .
You can travel around the world by train, by plane or by ship and maybe one day you can fly by car. Why not ? 
I hope that you will find this composition interesting.
best  regards .
Sir,
I have seen your musical show "Over the Rainbow" in London. I  was  very disappointed when I  read  your advertisement .  I was keen on your show, but I have not seen the same show, I have seen one which  looked like it , but  wasn't   it .
First of all ,  I  was  attracted by the actors - Danny Brooks and Tina Truelove - and not by the actors who  performed   effectively  that evening.  These  actors appeared     forty-five  minutes  late   according to   what  is written  (on*/in)  your advertisement. This  lateness   prevented  me  from   going  to dinner in your restaurant because it was just closing!
For all  these  reasons I    wish that I     had not  gone  to see  that show, for which the tickets were not available. And  in conclusion  I want you to give me my money back, (I  still have  the advertisement if you want     proof   of  what I say). You have the choice, either you  do  what I want, or I attack you in  the courts .
Yours  sincerely 
"The old man and the sea" E.H.
When I  read  this book, I  was  fascinated by the  willpower  of the old  fisherman . This  willpower  is so amazing, he has all the elements against him. His boat is so small and poor, he is old, it is hot and he is alone without any chance  of   meeting   anyone  who could help him.
But I don't think he would want to.
He  doesn't  want  help  because he wants to prove  to  the little  boy  and himself that he is not really old, even if he has  lived many years .
I think  these  are the reasons  (of*/for)  his  willpower . Although the fish is eaten by the sharks, he is the winner, the winner of himself. He could have  triumphed   over   the  fish because of his knowledge of the sea but  it is  principally because he has  known research  in the  depths  of his mind.
To conclude I think the  most difficult  situations allow us to discover  ourselves   getting out of   ourselves .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to express my great disappointment about the musical show I attended in your theatre last weekend.
According to your advertisement, it stars DANNY BROOK  and  TINA TRUELOVE, but  surprisingly ,    <NS type="MN"></NS> was  performed  by a different actor  of   whom  I  didn't even  know the name. In addition, the show was supposed  to start  at 19:30 but it  started  half  an  hour later,  (until*/at)  20:15.
 To make matters worse , I had expected  to get a discount on the ticket , but when I went to the  ticket office , there was  not  any discount available. The last thing is the theatre restaurant was closed after the show, because it only opened until 9 o'clock at night.
You can imagine how disappointed I  was  ,     spending money on such a terrible evening. I would like you to look into the matter immediately and I  insist  on  getting  some money back. I look forward to receiving a satisfactory reply as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully
Nowadays, we use a lot of modern technology both at home and  in   the  office but it has its  advantages  and  disadvantages .
The first and most important thing is that modern technology  has  made our life easier, for instance  the   rice  cooker is a great invention, all you have to do is  put  rice  (on*/in)  it and switch  it  on, it makes cooking more  efficient .  Furthermore , we    use  the  computer and telephone a lot. Wherever you are, you can get in touch with people whenever you want.
It is often suggested that   modern technology makes the gap bigger between  people , they get used to communicating with the machine then forget how to deal with human beings.
To sum up, I believe that modern technology could help our daily life but we should not  always  rely on it.
Dear Sir,
I'm  writing  to you to make a complaint about your musical show: " Over the Rainbow"... Last week, I, my husband and our two children went to your theatre  to have  a good time, but we were so disappointed.
First of all, I  don't think it's  professional to change the principal actor  (in*/at)  the last minute, the play should  have been  with Danny Brook, but it wasn't.
In addition to this, the show started at 20:15 instead  of  19:30, more  than  45 minutes    late...
Moreover, there weren't  any  discounts available  like  writing   in your advertisement.
There was    a restaurant,    though   it was closed for  renovation ,  and  2 hours 30 without drinking or eating something   was quite difficult for the children.
It should  have been  a perfect evening out, but it was the opposite.  That's  why,  I  would be grateful   if you could give me my money back. I look forward to hearing from you in the very near future.
Yours faithfully
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Nowadays, I think it  would  be impossible for us to live like our  grandparents  or  great-grandparents  lived... we are too lazy, but it's not our  fault , this revolution is called "progress"!
Every day, like everybody, I watch the TV, see the International news,  listen to  the radio, play games on my computer or  communicate  with American or  Asian  people without  leaving     my house. It  seems   to be  incredible, but it's  normal  for us.. we don't think that       less  than  a hundred years  ago ,  none  of that existed.
I will always  say  thank you very much to the inventor who has invented the  machines   which   do  the washing and the washing-up, before this,    women spent a long time  doing   these  tasks.
In addition to this,  thinking also, to the medicine, science or astronomy progress ...
And  it has not ended  .  I hope that  (for*/in)  my thirties I'll go to Mars on  holiday ...
The scientists  have     ten years to find the solution...
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you because I am really  disappointed   about  "Over the Rainbow" which I saw the other day  (in*/during)  my stay in London which your company organized. I put off everything to watch this performance but everything that was written in your advertisement wasn't true at all. In your advertisement  it  said the show  would  start at 19:30  but  it began at 20:15. I can understand that a musical show has to be prepared and it takes time. Even  so , I can't understand  why  the  actors  of this play Danny Brook and Tina Truelove  didn't   appear  in the play and there was another actor instead of Danny Brook. After all this ,  I wanted to make my evening pleasant  but   (for*/to)  my surprise the theatre restaurant was closed because  of  some  sanitary problems . I explained to you every detail about what happened  (in*/at)  the musical show and I want you  to refund  my money and send    me an apology for what  happened  there.
I hope  to hear  from you  as   soon  as possible and thanks for  understanding  my situation.
Yours  faithfully 
Phat Cheung
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Many years ago human beings or whatever we  were  called  were  another animal species but when  we  tried to use rocks to make a fire we changed everything.
Modern technology changed our  lives  in many ways :  when I have to wake up earlier I use my alarm clock, if I have to wash my teeth I use my toothbrush with a little    toothpaste. I use my desk to study which was made with trees cut down and  emsamblish  by machines more powerful than  handwork . Even  so , this is not enough  and     technology created a better  means  of communication, first there were letters,  then  telephones and now we can write letters and receive them through  the   Internet . It is not necessary to imagine things, you can travel all around  by  just making a click with your mouse and you are there. If I am hungry I open the refrigerator and take  food  and cook it with a microwave.
When I have a headache I  swallow  pills, made by technology. I think everything  around  us is thanks  (for*/to)  technology but we can't forget that  these  things  were  made by us. The human being.
Everything has advantages and disadvantages but the most important thing is how we use it. If we  create  guns to protect our homes, others will use  them  to  burgle  our homes,  and  take advantage  (from*/of)  the  defenceless  people. However, the technology never stops, we always search  for  new things because we are made to compete, discover, think  of  things which we don't know.
Dear Manager,
Last week, during my holiday in London, I had the opportunity to see the show "Over the Rainbow" at the Circle  Theatre . That is why I am writing this letter; to inform you about the problems I had.
First of all, the tickets were too expensive. I was told that there were some discounts  (to*/for)  students, but    the moment I bought the ticket, they charged me    full price.
The day of the show, we got to the  theatre  at 19:30.  But , due to some technical problems, it began at 20:15.
Second, I was really disappointed when I found out that Danny Brook, the best actor I have  ever  known and the reason for     my   deciding  to see the show, was not going to be performing.
Third, the theatre restaurant was closed because the  chef  did not show up. I was really looking forward to eating at that place.
In conclusion, I would appreciate  it  if you could, please, send me my money back because I did not have the perfect evening that I expected.
Yours sincerely,
Unfortunately, Pat was not very good at keeping secrets. Sally, her best friend, had told her what had been happening at her house for the last two months. Pat knew something was wrong because she had known Sally since they were five years old, but she did not <NS type="MV"></NS> why she was acting so  strangely . Sally did not want to tell anybody about her problem, but she knew she could trust Pat. So Sally started to talk. She had seen her stepfather hitting her mother  every time  he was drunk. She didn't want to tell the teachers at school or any other person because she was afraid that if her stepfather  found  out about  it , he would get  mad  and hit her, or even worse, kill her mother.
However, she needed to tell somebody. One morning somebody knocked at the door at Sally's house. It was the police. Sally was so scared, and at the same time mad at Pat because she knew the only person who could have told the police was her best friend. But she knew that Pat did it because she loved her and was afraid something horrible  would   happen  to her or to her mother.
Dear Madam or Sir,
During my recent holiday in London I visited one of your shows  (in*/at)  the "Circle Theatre". The show was called "Over the rainbow" and should be,  to quote  the  advertisement , London's newest and best musical show. But I was very disappointed. I was very pleased that the main actors listed on the  advertisement  were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. When I saw that you had changed Danny Brook  (to*/for)  someone else I was very disappointed.
Moreover I would like to tell you that the show should  have  begun at 19:30 but it started  (with*/after)  a delay of 45 minutes. I do not think that this delay is acceptable. Furthermore you  had  mentioned some discounts in your  advertisement , but I had to pay the full price although I am a student.
Even your theatre restaurant was closed for repairs. The perfect evening you promised in your  advertisement  was the complete opposite and that is  why  I want to get some money back from you.
I am looking forward to  a   prompt  answer.
Yours faithfully
Herman Ruter
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Pat and I have been friends for a long time. We have had a lot of fun together because we  have  the same interests. When we were 15 years old we decided to drive    my mother's car on a day when my parents were absent. I told Pat to keep in mind that my parents would be very angry if they got to know  about   this . Pat promised    to tell nobody about our  purpose . Two days later my father asked me whether I had  at any time thought   of   driving  a car without a  driver's   licence  because he had heard  about   it  from some parents of my friends at school. He told me  for  two hours what could happen if I     did  that. I was very surprised because Pat and I were  alone  when we decided to do  it .
The next day Pat told me that he wanted to be admired by some girls and so he had to tell them our secret.
I felt very disappointed  then  but I have learned something new about humans;  it  is  that  you can only trust yourself. Pat and I  are still  good friends but we have never  shared   another  secret   .
Mr Jon Stevens,
Last month I  was  in London for a week to visit your wonderful city and with the intention of seeing  the famous musical show Over the rainbow at your theatre  but in all my life I have never had such a disappointing evening.
First of all ,  my cousin, who lives there, had had many problems with the tickets. The  line-up   was changed  and  that  was the worst surprise I could have  had . My greatest wish was  to see  Danny Brook's performance; you know  he's  the best singer. But instead of him there was  an  unknown young actor. What a pity, I thought.
I arrived there  (in*/on)  time, 19:15 ,  in fact you wrote that the show would be starting at 19:30, but I had to wait until 20.15. What an absurd thing, don't you think so? The quality of the show wasn't as high as I expected. I hadn't  thought   (for*/about)  a restaurant to go to after the show, because if the advertisement had been right, there should  have   been  a luxury restaurant where I could eat. But it was closed because it was under construction.
Because of the quality of the evening I  had , the only thing you can do is  give  me back at least the half of the cost of  the  ticket. To apologise and give the impression of being a serious theatre. I'd rather I had been at home  watching      my TV   in  Italy!
I hope that my  request  is  accepted .
 Yours   sincerely 
We are in the  age  of     technological  development ,   of that   there can be no doubt .
What  technology could be out of control ? Since the scientific revolution and the Industrial Revolution, between  the  17th and 18th  centuries  there have been sudden changes in our daily  way of life .
Nowadays ,  especially in the  western  area of the world ,  science and technology have  taken  great, enormous steps in  the direction of  progress. Not only for the great nations, but also for  each   of  their inhabitants.
Today it's absurd not  to know  how a computer works, or how to use  the  Internet
I can buy, today, a book  while   I   am  comfortable at home, can communicate with other friends faster than before. I  can do my homework by calculator  etc. In  the  future I  imagine  I could fly on my own!
For me it's very important  that my mobile and computer are never broken . I think I  would   go  crazy without them, not only me but the majority of us.
But sometimes I'd rather  switch  them off and think of what I  might   be wasting , like love and friendship. I wish all the world would do the same.
Vico says that progress  stops  when Man  has  noticed that he  has  been wasting those values.
17-6-00.
Mr. Smith,
I write to you because last night, (Saturday 10), I went to see the musical show that you are presenting at the Circle theatre.
I am a great fan of Danny Brook and went to see him in his new show, but, to my surprise, it wasn't him who played that night but another ,  horrible young actor. I went with my daughter, a university student, and she was supposed to  get  a discount on the ticket. We asked for it and we were told that there was  no  discount  either  for her     or  anyone else, so I had to pay the full price of the two tickets.
Furthermore, it was  supposed  to start at 19.30 p.m. and it started at 20.15 p.m. for reasons  no one  would explain to the audience.
After the play, we went to the theatre's restaurant and we found out that it  had been  closed since  spring 1999 ! How can you ask    people to go to a closed restaurant?
In conclusion, I would be very grateful if you could send me my money back because, as you have seen, I didn't  have  the "perfect evening" you  advertised .
Yours sincerely,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Although he had promised Lise that he wouldn't say a word, when he reached the school he told the secret to Ann. Of course, Ann promised not to tell anyone, but by     lunch time  all the school knew that Lise had stolen the literature exams.
Very soon, Lise understood that it was useless to continue pretending that she knew nothing about it, and decided to make a deal with her class mates. She would give them the exam's questions and they would  do  all her  homework   (during*/for)  3 weeks.
There was no escape. It was an unfair deal, but if they wanted the questions they had to accept, and if they accepted, they couldn't  tell the teachers anything , because, in fact, they were as guilty as Lise.
Unfortunately, the perfect plan doesn't exist, and a teacher heard two students talking in the bathroom. The teachers started investigating and asking all the students, but it was a secret and they couldn't say a word.
Finally, the teachers asked Lise and her friends. No-one said a word.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about some problems I had when I went to the Circle Theatre two weeks ago.
Firstly, Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were supposed to perform in the show but instead of them different actors performed  -  badly.
Secondly, the show should have    started at 19:30 but it started  late , at 20:15. The Theatre also promised discounts, which were not available, so I had to pay the full amount.
I also wanted to visit the Theatre Restaurant after the show, but  that  was impossible because it closed at 20:30 and the show finished at 21:00
 Finally , I would like to ask you  for  £20 back as I was not satisfied with your services. I hope you pay attention to my  complaints . I would not like to take legal action, as it would not be convenient for  either  of us, but I will if I consider it necessary.
I will be looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours Faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets but she was my best friend and I had to tell someone what had happened to me.
So I phoned her and told her the whole story. Last weekend  (in*/at)  the Local Festival,  which  is held every year in our Town, I was walking with my little sister, who is three years old. She started running and got lost. So while I was looking for her I saw the Director of my school, Mr Smythe, stealing money from a small shop. I could not believe my eyes! When Mr Smythe saw me there, he told me: "If you say a word you're going to be in serious trouble."
But Pat could not resist the  temptation      to call  the police. We were at school when she told me this and Mr Smythe went to our class and said to me ,  "May I talk to you?".  (In*/At)  that moment I felt so nervous and terrified that I  fainted .
When I came  to  Mr Smythe was under arrest and ,  fortunately,  this  thing finished well for me.
 Dear  manager
Yesterday I went to "The Circle Theatre" to see the musical show "OVER THE RAINBOW". I'm very disappointed  (of*/with)  this evening. The first thing was   that it started 45 minutes late. And when it  finally  started,  it  wasn't Danny Brook who  performed . There was a different actor and he was really bad. You should have informed us before that  you'd  changed the actor. On the advertisement you wrote that discounts are available but they weren't. After the show I wanted to drink  something  in your theatre restaurant but when I arrived it was closed because the show started  too  late! I'm so disappointed! I wanted to have a pleasant evening while I'm here in London for a week's holiday. So I ask you  sincerely  for my money back  because  it wasn't a perfect evening out.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I told her that my parents are getting  divorced  and that I will move to Chicago with my mother. We are  in High School together  in California and this is our last year. We wanted to study biology here in Los Angeles with some other friends but now my plans have changed and I have to leave them.
One day, Pat and I were going home, when she asked me   if I  would  give a party  before   I  go. I had to tell her that I  didn't  have the time to organise anything  because  we, my mother and I,  had  to get our stuff ready to move. She wasn't very surprised and soon  I'd  forgotten her question. The year was  coming  to  an  end. On Monday in our last week Pat asked me if I  wanted  to eat supper at her house. I thought it was a good idea and we went home. But when we  got  into the  house   there  were all my friends! We had a great evening  because  Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets!
17th June 2000
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am just coming back from a week's holiday in London, which has been all in all really nice. The only thing which really  disappointed  me was a visit  (in*/to)  your theatre where I wanted to see the musical 'over the rainbow', after I read the advertisement for the show.
The things that really  disappointed  me were that you said Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were    the actors but they weren't, different actors played and to be honest they made the  whole  show very bad. Also the show was supposed to start at 19.30 but  it finally  started at 20.15 and that is such a waste of  other   people's  time. Another thing was that you said discounts are available ,  which is very important for students, but no ,   there  weren't any. Also after the show your restaurant was closed because  there   weren't  enough staff.
To be honest that was not a great  experience  and I hope you will see my point. In that case I also want to ask you for my money back. I think you will understand that and  I   am  looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
T. Herschel
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Since everyone can afford modern technology  everyone's life  in the more developed countries has changed  completely . We can't imagine  living  without it anymore because we are so dependent  (of*/on)  it.
It starts    in the morning  when  we  are woken  up by the sound of an alarm clock,  then  in the bathroom we have running hot water and also the  whole  house is warm due to central heating. Then we can just go to the fridge where all the fresh food is stored ready to eat. If we  then  want to go to work we don't have to get our horse, no, we get the car keys and go  wherever  we want to. At work we have the most important thing in the world of technology, the computer. Without that we  couldn't  do anything today.
So in the last century our daily life  has changed   dramatically  and we  have become  lazy and our life  impersonal , fast and unromantic.  No one  can think about a life without  computers  or electricity. But we can't say the new technology has  just done  bad things in our life because otherwise we couldn't have made such progress in all the sciences and other subjects
Dear Sir/Madam,
I saw the musical show  in your  advertisement    (in*/during)  my holiday. I was disappointed with it. I  must  ask you  (to*/for)  my money back.
First of all, I was really looking forward to seeing Danny Brook but ,  actually,  it did not star  Danny Brook but another person.
Besides ,  her acting didn't  make me satisfied .
Secondly,  the  starting time was not 19:30 but 20:15. Because of  that , I    waited for a long time . 
Also, there was no  system that ticket can be discounted .
Finally, I went to  the  restaurant in your theatre but it was closed .  I couldn't eat anything.
That's  the  nub of my complaints.
Thus I  had   a  terrible time - it was  a  waste of time.
I'm expecting    your reply soon.
Yours faithfully,
'Fashion of the future ' 
I think after 100 years, at least something will change  as regards  design, material,  colour , etc.
 If I pick up   an  example,  the  Kimono ( traditional Japanese   clothing ) will  be worn   not only in  Japan but also  in   other  countries in  general .
Also  it will be only wear but its design, shape might take in casual cloth .
 If it came true, imagination to make cloth would bigger and could think various design and format .
 (By*/Through)  one country's traditional  clothing   taking in   those  of another country,  it can born different type and new kind of fashion .
On the other hand,  the personality (character) of each country might vanish .
However,  thinking way that simple is the best will not change .
Also,  comfortable  clothing  for person will maintain in the future. I guess the good things will not change forever .
Dear Sir,
I am  writing  this letter because I had a week in London last month and I decided to see your show called "Over the rainbow" with my wife and children. We were disappointed because your advertisement was a misleading one.
First of all, the most important singer, Danny Brook, was not singing. You should have at least informed the public because most of the people  there  came to see him. However ,  the man who took his place  gave  a good performance, we  enjoyed  listening to him because his voice was amazing.
The  time   was  not respected: the show began 45 minutes late. The children could not stand waiting outside in the cold. As it started later, it finished later and people missed the train they wanted to take. Furthermore you did not apologise ,  as if it was usual!
In my opinion, the tickets were a little bit expensive and not many people could afford the price. We did not see any discounts!
Finally your restaurant was closed because too few people  had been coming    . I understand them. After such a bad show you don't want to eat in the same place.
For these reasons I would like to have my money back because it was not a "perfect evening" as you said. But I think that if you  took   more care  of the public, your show would catch on because the singers and songs are really impressive.
Yours Faithfully
Modern technology is everywhere in our society. We use it daily and sometimes don't realize that things are changing in our daily life.
The ways  we   travel  are improving a lot  at present .  Cars  are really useful and a lot  faster  than  walking  or cycling. But cars  create  pollution: for  example  the  greenhouse  effect. But it is also    technology which  tries  to resolve this problem with new  means  of transport  such  as subways or busses so as to have less cars in the cities.
Technology allows us to improve our knowledge in  the  sciences like  medicine  so as to cure more illnesses or to make people live  longer . I think there is a link between technology and  the  sciences because they need each other:  the  sciences discover technologies and technologies make  new research in the sciences possible .
Technology also improved    communications with the phone of course and also with  the  Internet. Every evening when I come back home I go on the  Internet . I chat with other people in order to exchange our points of view or I look for  information  I need for my studies. In my opinion it's a lot better than the  dictionary  because it's faster and you really find what you need. Furthermore we can find everything all the time.
Technology is necessary to our society but I think it could  also be  dangerous if we don't use it in  a  good way.
Dear Manager of the theatre:
I am writing a letter to complain about the musical show I saw last week when I was in London.
I thought that I would have a great time there, but I was really disappointed  (in*/with)  that evening. You said there would be stars such as Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, whose music is my  favourite , but the musicians were actually some other people whose names I had never heard of. In the advertisement  (of*/for)  the show, you said it would begin at 19.30 . Actually  it  was delayed 45 minutes . The discounts  (of*/on)  tickets that you mentioned  did  not exist. It  made  things worse that  our  visit to your theatre restaurant, which had already been closed because of  a  lack of customers, was  cancelled .  Really , what a  letdown !
I would be grateful if you could give  us   our  money back. If I cannot get  a   satisfactory  reply within a month I shall go to the consumer protection organisation to sue you.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully.
How has modern technology changed our daily life ? 
Our life has been  affected  by modern technology. Five years ago, you could be proud of your 486 computer, which  would  only be put inside a museum as an antique now. Then how  has  it changed our daily life?
I have been  a music enthusiast  for a long time .  I used  a  tape player and I felt it was excellent. Today, there are  many choices  ,  such as  a  discman (CD player) ,  MD walkman and MP3 player, which are considered to be more portable and have  a  better  sound quality .
 Communication has been more conventional,  we can simply make a phone call,  and   send  e-mails or faxes instead of writing letters and waiting for a long time.  In particular  the improvement  in the sophistication  of personal  computers  has greatly helped the spread of information . By  using  the   Internet , you can  book   newspapers   and  magazines,  and  even go shopping online.
Therefore, our life has been influenced and changed by  the   development  of technology. In conclusion, we should work hard to  acquire   knowledge     to make  the future better and better.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow".
I have recently been  (in*/to)  London for    a week's holiday. As I am  a   fan  of musicals I went to see this    show.
I am very disappointed because the things that were  written   (on*/in)  the  advertisement  were not really true.
It was  written  that the stars would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. Danny Brook is one of my  favourite  actors and there  appeared   a different  one. I felt  very   disappointed .
The musical should have begun at 19:30, but it started at 20:15;  this  is  unacceptable !
It was  also written  that there were discounts available and I asked  (for*/about)  them and they said    that they weren't  allowed  to  give  any discount. After the show me and my friends wanted to have a drink and the theatre restaurant was closed because there weren't enough drinks.
As you say in your  advertisement  ,  it was not my perfect evening out and therefore I would like to have my money back.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Ms MARIA AROZ
How has modern technology changed our daily  lives ?
Modern technology has changed  our daily lives a lot .
 On the one hand  ,  nowadays if we have to travel to Paris and return  (in*/on)  the same day you can take a plane without any problem. In the past it was impossible to go to Paris from Barcelona and come back in one day.
Another advantage is that if you go on an excursion and you take your mobile phone, if you get lost somebody  can  find you.
I think that the most important  piece of  modern technology    these days is  the   Internet . With  the   Internet  you can do whatever you want without going out    ( shopping , speaking with a friend, working, putting your money aside....)
On the other hand ,  the main disadvantage is that using modern machines    can be very difficult for  elderly  people; it would be very  pratitable  if the modern industries  trained  people     to use  modern technologies.
To sum up ,  modern technology has  changed   our daily lives a lot  and this is going to  continue .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show, which I have seen in The Circle Theatre on 6th June. On that date, I decided to spend one evening seeing a musical show as I was on holiday in London and was interested in  the   musical  show. But things started to go wrong from the beginning.
The first problem was the price of tickets. I expected to buy  a  ticket cheaply but no discounts were available. Another problem was that the show started forty-five minutes late. I found the  theatre  rather noisy as I arrived very early to sit in the front row. Although I got a bit annoyed, I tried to have a good time.
However, something wrong  occurred  again. The actor 'Danny brook', whom you advertised in the  brochure , did not play a part in the show. And I  was  really disappointed  (from*/with)  the different actor's performance. He kept forgetting his lines. Finally, I went to the restaurant to have something for dinner after  the  show, but it was closed because it was  being refurbished    . I am not satisfied with your show as it was  completely  different from  the  advertisement.
I am therefore writing to ask for a full refund. I expect to receive a cheque for £20.  I  look forward to hearing soon.
Yours faithfully

It's  completely  different!
Have you ever been to  a  fashion show named "New trend, New  Millennium "? 'It's completely different! How can we go  out  wearing  those  clothes?' This is what my friend said the other day when she went to see the show with me.
These days, new designs and new trends are coming out every day, sometimes we are shocked by them in comparison with the days  when  we were young. However,  it  doesn't seem to take long for most    young people to get used to it, so we can imagine what clothes will be like in the future.
 In my opinion,  I believe that clothes indicate  the  individual's creativity as well as social situation. We never know whether we might look like robots because it will be the electronic age. On the other hand, some people refuse to wear that sort of clothes so they  prefer  to wear nothing.
Let's face it. Clothes are always changing. But the question no one  can  answer is what  will be   in  fashion in 100  years  time?
Dear Manager,
I am writing to complain about the Musical Show   I  saw  last week. There is some disagreement    between your advertisement and  the  show   which I  saw  at the Circle Theatre.
First of all, I would like to  state  that you  gave   the  wrong starting and finishing  times . The Musical started at 20:15 not at 14:30 - as you  had   stated . It was very surprising for me and I had    a lot of trouble with  getting  back home at night - when it finished.
Furthermore, there was no Danny Brook  (at*/on)  the stage.  He  is my  favourite  artist and I  went  there mainly because of him.  This  made me really disappointed - he wasn't  performing  there.
Another point   I want you to consider   is  the  restaurant. The place you  had  offered was closed and there was nothing to eat inside the theatre at all. Despite changing the hours, you  had  closed the restaurant without any reason. Could you possibly explain why you didn't provide us  with  anything to eat?
Finally, you  had   claimed    I would have  a  perfect evening out. Unfortunately, I can't say that. I am very disappointed and I would like to ask you for    my money back. I think   this could be the only   right  way  for me   to forget about my  uninteresting  evening.
I would appreciate it   if you could consider my complaint. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
FASHION OF THE FUTURE
Try to imagine   the wide, colourful street with many fantastic cars and  large shiny  shops. Try to think about people in weird black and grey clothes   . It isn't a film, it isn't even a picture from mysterious books. It's a REALITY,  it's  the FASHION OF THE FUTURE...
People  have been  wearing almost everything, during more than 2000 years of their living on Earth. Everything  has changed : style, colour ,   quality . Fashion. Their clothes were always strictly connected with their lifestyle, climate and money. We saw almost all kinds of skirts, trousers, coats, skirts and even hats - which  until   now   have been  the main point of many fashion  creatures . What can we suspect then? What  something new  hasn't been invented    now? I  will tell     you - black and grey. These are two powerful colours, which will be expanding for the  next  100 years.
The climate is changing, so we  will  have only two seasons. And we will need only two colours: grey for hot days and black for cold ones. Women will wear only skirts and dresses but men will be strictly connected with trousers. I hope   there will be times   when women  will  like  again to be  thought    delicate and  sensitive  human beings. Showing their figure, they would have  the   opportunity  to show their sexuality. But, don't forget,  no  exhibitionism! We have too many  taken off  people around us, now. And  that  will be  a thing of  the past.  The streets  of  the  21st century will be smart.
So, are you interested in that style? Do you agree with me? If not, you are very  poor . This fashion is coming, so think about it.
Grey and black - like  the  seasons, like  people's   characters , like all  the  night and dark  surrounding  us. These are the colours of the FUTURE.
   manager of the theatre,
I recently had a week's holiday in London and went to see a musical show  (in*/at)  your theatre  with  a friend . We  had seen your advertisement for the show,  which   made it seem  very attractive.
 Unfortunately , the musical show  wasn't much like that the one the advert had described , and that  is why  I  want   to ask  you  for  some money back.
The  star  had been changed, the show had started    at 20:15, and there were no discounts available. Also the Theatre Restaurant was closed for  renovation . And your last  phrase   (of*/in)  the advertisement  was  "Your perfect evening out"!  It  wasn't  that  at all,  as  I have  explained   to  you above in this letter.
I thank you in advance  and  hope for a positive  resonse .
Bests regards,
 When I  began     working  in  an  Insurance Company, I had only  an  old  typewriter ,  which   made  a lot of noise and was very difficult to write with    because the  buttons  were hard  (for*/on)  my small fingers. Now I have a new computer,  which  is very easy to use, and  comfortable  for my fingers  and  also  faster . But  when  the computer  doesn't  work, I  have  a big problem  doing  my work.
Also now     it is better to use the Internet to write a letter to a friend overseas . It is so practical, in five  minutes  my friend can read my letter. And he can  answer  me very quickly. I think   it is now the  future   (for*/of)     big  companies      to work  with the Internet.
Dear Sir or  Madam 
For weeks  I'd  been  planning  to go to  the   theatre  with some close relatives and friends but the problems that we had made this perfect night a disaster  for  all of us.
To begin with ,   (on*/in)  your  advertisement  you say that Danny Brooks will be starring  in  the show but instead  there  was a different actor ,  which made us very disappointed. Another thing that is  said   (on*/in)  the  advertisement  is that the  evening  show will start at 7:30 but     there  was  a   forty-five  minute delay .  The  crowd  got really upset and we were going to leave  (with*/at)  the first  chance  we  got  . 
To make matters worse ,  the  theatre's restaurant  was closed. You can understand how that made me feel, and  also   there was no discount on the tickets  . 
 In the end , this wasn't the perfect evening out. It was the worst night of my life. So I expect nothing less than a full refund of the money I paid to see this  so-called  show. If you don't do as I say ,  an article in the  biggest  newspaper will  definitely  change your  mind  . 
Yours  faithfully 
What are  clothes going to look   like     a century from now? Are they going to be the same, are they going to  be colourful , are men going to wear long skirts and women  boxer shorts ? This is something that has   troubled   many people, especially those who work in the fashion industry.
Fashion has made     great  progress since the  early   days . The variety of new fabrics,  their  colours and quality, <NS type="M"></NS> make new  fashion  statements every day.  And  the clothes are getting  smaller and smaller . In the early 90s it was in  fashion   for     women to wear only skirts , long  ones actually ,  and  for  men to wear trousers. In the sixties ,  people  wore  clothes with flowers, big glasses,  and  jeans, and men    had long  painted  hair.  Nowadays  women  wear  really short skirts, short t-shirts, short tops, and cut their hair short just like men. Boys  pierce  their  bodies  just like girls do   and  vice versa . If this continues ,   the two lives will turn the one to the other  and soon men will wear skirts. Clothes will get smaller (   people will be wearing practically no clothes ) .  People will  wear  extreme  clothes  which will be really   lanky  . People will wear all those clothes that expensive designers  design  but  no one  wears   .
Dear Mr James,
My name is Paula and I'm one of your  most recent  visitors  (of*/to)  your show "Over the Rainbow'', this is also the reason  (of*/for)  my letter.
Last week during my holiday in London, I found your  advertisement  in my newspaper. This looked very good to me  -  one of my favourite actors, the time     suited  me and  there   was a discount available for the tickets . Everything was just perfect. But, suddenly the whole evening changed into something   we didn't  expect  at all.
The first disappointment confronted us  (on*/at)  the main entrance ;  there was no discount for our  tickets  available. Despite    this we  were  still    looking forward to the show and Danny Brook.
 You   stated  in your  advertisement  that he would come on stage, but instead of him someone else turned up. Actually, this guy was not half as good as Danny Brook.
The other thing was the time . The  show was supposed to start at half past seven, but we  had waited  for 45 minutes, before the light turned off.
Till then we  had  been very upset about the evening and decided to go for dinner.
 Finally , the restaurant which belongs to the theatre was closed.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I really do regret that I told Pat about my feelings for the new girl in class, but who else can  you  talk to   if it is not your best friend?.
Her name is Carla and she just changed school . She  is so beautiful, with long legs, blond hair and a voice which makes me melt.
 I'd  never been so fascinated by a girl and so I knew it must have been real love.
 Luckily  I could keep my secret for a couple of days but then   it became urgent and I needed someone to talk to.
Pat, he was my friend, and he knew girls. I thought he would keep everything    between him and me, but he disappointed me.
He actually went to Carla and told her  everything . No doubt she would never ever look at me again. But she did, she asked me out. The horrible thing about this is   I'm still in heaven, but  going  out with the wrong person, because Pat mixed the  people  with their names. There are two Carlas in my class!
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am  writing  to you about the show. I was very disappointed after  the  show. I would like to have my money back.  First  the show started at 10.15, and it should  have started  at 19.30.
After your show I wanted to visit my friends, and because of it, I  couldn't  do  that .
Also, you wrote about discounts, but  it was  not true! The woman   who sold  me  a ticket was very  rude   (with*/to)  me, actually she started swearing at me.
During the show, I was very hungry but I hoped to visit  the  restaurant,  which was  a pity,  because   the  restaurant was closed because it was too late.
And, I forget to say  something  about  the   actors , I didn't enjoy them.
So, I hope I will get my money back . It  was  a  very disappointing evening    in my life! I hope you understand me!
 Yours  sincerely
Ongelina
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, but  I trusted him anyway .  It  happened 3 months ago, and during  the   last few  months I  have been  very upset.
I have a friend, his name  is  Peter, he is my best friend.
One day Peter killed  a  boy. They were just playing and ,   by   accident , Peter  shot  him. I was there, I saw it. I  thought  that it    could only   be seen   by  3 people, but  that  was  a  mistake... Pat saw it! We  asked  Pat many times to keep this secret, not to tell anyone. We trusted him.  For the  first  few  days, Pat  was with us all the time . He promised to keep  it  secret . The  next morning we had  an   argument  with Pat .   The  3 of us were shouting at each other . In   short  ,  Pat  left  us.
Two days later ,  in the morning,  a  policeman came to  see  Peter... So, now my best friend is  a  prisoner. All the time ,  I am thinking about Peter. I don't forget him. He will be in    prison  for  5 years. By the way ,  I  haven't   seen  Pat  for  about one year. Perhaps, he moved  (into*/to)  another town. It's good that he  is  far away... I miss Peter very much, it's unfair to put him in a prison. But it's life, destiny, very cruel destiny...
Dear Sir,
I recently spent a week in London and during my stay I went to the theatre in order to see "Over the Rainbow"   - the musical      . At first, I thought I would have a wonderful night out since I had read the advertisement  (of*/for)  the show,  however  ,  it  was   misleading .
First of all, the advertisement  (of*/for)  the show said that Danny Brook was going to be on stage. However, he did not appear during the show; that disappointed me a lot.
 Apart  from that, the show was delayed  forty-five  minutes, consequently, everybody there lost control and became angry.
Another thing I would like you to know is that there were no special rates on the price of the ticket, which cost me £20.  Also , the theatre restaurant had closed down before I  left  the show.
Finally I would like to inform you that I  have  never  had  such an  unpleasant  evening in my whole life. Therefore, I would be very grateful if you - the manager of the theatre - could send me the money back, at least the money I spent on the ticket.
 Yours  faithfully
LUCCA CALZARI
Unfortunately Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. He was one of my best friends, but all secrets told to him  spread  throughout the school in a matter of minutes. The worst was that he did it  unconsciously .
When we were  (in*/at)     primary school, my teacher wanted to surprise Tom (a school mate)  (for*/on)  his 10th birthday by  arranging  a fancy dress party  (in*/at)  the school.
We had been preparing it for three days, we hired fancy  dress , had a cake made by a cook and decorated the gymnasium. Unfortunately, it was me who had to tell Pat about the surprise.
Later, I  realised  it was the worst thing  that  could happen to me.
On the day of the party, half an hour before it started, Pat came across with a gang of boys from another  course . Since they were going to beat him  up , he desperately told them everything he knew about the party.
Afterwards, all of them were around Tim telling him what Pat had confessed.
Both Pat and Tim were very disappointed that day.
Dear Mr. Smith
My name is Manuel Olmez and last week I went to see the musical show 'Over the rainbow'  (to*/at)  the Circle theatre.
Firstly I want to tell you how disappointing  that night was .
Everything in the advertisement for the show was  untrue . The actors I saw in the show were not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
I went at 19.30 and the show didn't begin until 20:15 so I had to wait a lot and I arrived late to a meeting I had after the show. There were  no  discounts available for the tickets and the theatre's restaurant was closed after the show because it was too late.
So I want you to send me some money back for that  unpleasant  night.
I hope you can understand me.
Yours sincerely
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
So in  a  very few days all the College knew that me and my friends were  the ones  who had crashed  the  headmaster's car.
The headmaster wanted to tell the police what we had done so we decided to  imprison  him in a little house   we had twenty  kilometres   away  from the village until we could change his  mind . Marc, one of my friends, hit Mr. Heyman with a bottle and he lost     consciousness . We put him in my car and we left him inside a closed room.
When he woke up he started shouting and we had to  calm him down .
We took some photos of him naked and told him not to  tell anybody about this  because if he does we will hang the photos all  around  the village.
He accepted  this  and we  let  him  go  free.
 It all  began because he is a nasty person and he forced us to clean the college every day,  for not paying  a  cleaner .
We  needed  to do something like that to make him change.
Dear sir,
I'm writing  to  you to complain about the disappointing  experience  I had with your theatre.
First of all, I arrived at about 19:20 because  the  advertisement said that performance begins at 19:30, but it wasn't till about 20:15 that the  show began  and I had to wait  an  entire hour ,  which was not very  amusing .
Secondly, I was supposed to  get  a discount but there were no discounts, although the advertisement said there are.
Thirdly, the disappointment made me a bit hungry but the restaurant was closed without any sign saying why.
And    last, the most disappointing  thing , the advertisement  also  said that  Danny Brook would be there , my  favourite  actor, but there was someone else instead of him.
So, the show was not good at all and my evening was spoiled in spite of all that  the  advertisement  promised . As things went that way, I want my money back.
Sincerely Yours,
I shall have a look  (into*/at)  the place I believe no one can avoid - the kitchen.
How much effort and time it took about two decades  ago  to chop vegetables or prepare coffee or how hard it was to deal with fridges! But today the mixer or some more complicated kitchen-device will chop and mix anything for you from fruits to meat, and modern coffee machines can  even make   a  cappuccino or whatever you want on their own. Those devices  have made  our life easier  as  old fridges had to be  defrosted  and new fridges use  a  different kind of cooling  system  and will tell you if  you   have forgotten  to close the door! The modern cooker will turn  itself off  if something goes wrong! Personally, my life became much faster and I have much more time for many other things during the day thanks to  the  devices modern technology offers us.
The Circle Theatre
17th Jun 2000
 Dear Sir or Madam 
I am writing this letter to  let  you  know     what I think about the musical show which you (The Circle Theatre)  presented .
I bought  a  group ticket for the show , because   there were 7 of us . I saw "discount available" in the advertisement. When I asked  something about  a  "discount", your  staff  said that it  was  impossible . I  forgot about  it , because  I wanted to see this show , because  my  favourite  actor  appears  in it.
We went to the theatre    at 18:30. We  waited for the show to start   for  about one hour and  forty-five  minutes. The show started late ( by  about 45 min.) .  We were bored and we  hoped  that this  would be   the  last  problem  . 
During the show, we  didn't  see Danny Brook ,  who is my  favourite  actor.  Another  one  appeared  in the show. We were really angry , because  you  told us a lie . If Danny Brook does not  appear , you have to say something about this to  the  people who  are there  in the  theatre  .  This is your  unforgivable  mistake.
After the show,  we  were still angry . We  wanted to eat something in your  theatre  restaurant. When we  went  to the restaurant, we saw that it was  closed . I was sure that we  could  visit it after the show  as that   was   written  on the advertisement. We were hungry and angry    this time.
This  was   a   very  bad evening for us. We were bored  (to*/with)  waiting. We couldn't see Danny Brook in the show. We were hungry after the show. But we couldn't eat  anything  and we couldn't  get   a  discount.
 These  are your mistakes. I hope that you can understand  my feelings  and you will do something about  your  mistakes. When you do something, I  will go  to see your new shows. But, now, I want to ask    you  to pay  my money back. Thanks for reading this letter . 
Yours  faithfully 
CHANGING LIFE
When I went to school, I wrote a letter to my friends , because  I  didn't have  a  mobile phone . Now I have got a  mobile phone  and I always use it. It's fast and easy. But sometimes I miss the letters. I miss  waiting   for  the postman every morning.
Before we had a computer, I played  games  with my friends in our garden or in their garden. We played a lot of games during  the  day. When we had a computer, I started to play computer games. I didn't want to play  games outside  with my friends , because  the computer was more interesting than my friends.
I use  the   Internet  now. I don't buy  a  newspaper , because  I can read my newspaper  (in*/on)  the  Internet . I can buy  things   (from*/on)   the   Internet .  For  example, I  sent  a flower to my mum  (in*/on)  mother's day  by internet order .
My daily life is changing.  Everything  is easy now. I can send  an   email  to my friend who lives in Canada. I never forget important days , because  I have got a data-bank. When the important day is  approaching , it  tells  me.
Life is really easy. You need to learn how you can use    technology. But, sometimes ,  I miss  the   old  days. I miss  playing  in the garden,  posting  a  letter  to my friends,  and   forgetting   an  important day. Sometimes I want to go    somewhere without technology.
Dear Sir,
I'm writing in order to  let  you know how angry I am  (for*/after)  having gone to one of your shows.
I went to London for a week's holiday with some friends and every evening we decided  to do something  in order to enjoy our  stay  in that beautiful city.
I wish we had never chosen your show. In fact,  after only  having  gone  into the theatre, I realized that the advertisement I had read was probably about another show.
First of all, when I paid  for  my ticket I noticed that nobody could obtain the discount you'd written about. But that would be nothing if  it weren't for the  dinner I had to  cancel  because your show started at 20.15, although it should have been at 19.30!
Besides, when we decided to spend the evening in the theatre restaurant, we were informed that it was closed because the chef was ill.
At that point, even if  Danny Brook had been there  as the advertisement announced, it  couldn't  have been a  more  disappointing evening.
 Because of  all these things, I  am asking   for  my money back.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, but I realized  that  only when it was too late.
What    moved me to  discover this  were the  events  that happened last month. I had just  quarrelled  with Jon, who is my fiance.  At that time  we weren't getting on with  each other . So, when Peter, who has been a friend of mine since we were children ,  invited me for a pizza, I accepted without thinking  (at*/of)  the consequences.
And there would have been no problems if I hadn't talked to Pat about that evening. It was only a dinner with a friend and in fact we'd spent all the time remembering our childhood, but probably Pat    thought that Peter and I weren't only friends. So she ran to Jon in order to  let  him know  about  the terrible mistake I had made that evening. He became very angry no matter how hard I tried  to tell  him the truth.
By the way,  I understand  I had better trust in nobody.
Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing to express how  dissatisfied I was  with OVER THE RAINBOW ,  which was  put on  by the Circle Theatre.
First of all, the reason why I bought the ticket was Danny Brook, who is my  favourite  star, and was going to  appear in  the show. However, there was a different actor instead of him, and this was  most my disappointment .
Moreover,  as your advertisement , we would get  a  discount price for the ticket, but it was not available.
Although the show was supposed to start at  19.30 , it started at  20.15 , so I had to wait for an hour.
To make matters worse, because of the late  start , the theatre restaurant had already closed  when  the show finished.
I wonder if you could give me a refund   , because the show was  very  different  from   what  I  expected .
I hope you  will  take immediate action  (for*/on)   this . I look forward to hearing from you in the future.
Yours  faithfully 
Our daily life with modern technology
Science and technology are necessary for our life. I could say that we  cannot   survive  without them.
Nowadays,  technology  ,  especially computer technology ,  is improving, therefore, we can get   all  kinds of information as much as we require .  It is getting more  convenient  and useful than our past life .  Furthermore , it is possible to  treat  many patients who have serious  diseases  more effectively, if we use modern technology  (for*/in)  medical science.
However, if we rely on modern technology too much, it is difficult to be independent,  because  we will tend  not to  consider or solve a problem by ourselves.
 In my opinion , it is great that science and technology improve    our life.  Because of  convenience  , we can  use   our  time more effectively, but we should not    rely on these  things  too much.
Kowloon, Hong Kong  
July 17, 2000
Dear Sir,
I am  writing  to complain about a musical show <NS type="M"></NS> last weekend when I was in London.
I felt very upset about     your  advertisement was  totally  different  (between*/from)     the musical show. Firstly, I could not buy a discount ticket as you mentioned. Secondly, the show started at 20:15    instead of 19:30   . Thirdly,  the  theatre restaurant was    closed. But the worst thing is the actors were not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.   It was really  a   letdown !!
How  could you dare   say  " Your  perfect evening out" in  your  advertisement. It was  quite   ridiculous !
To be  honest , I would like you     to return  the money    to me. And explain what had happened.
I look forward to hearing  from  you   .
Thank  you  for  your   patience .
 Yours  faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.      Pat is very smart and intelligent. She  likes  to talk  (with*/to)  other people. She has  an   open mind . So, she  has  got many  friends  . 
Lily was one of her best  friends   (before*/for)  three  years . She enjoyed sharing  everything  with Pat ,  whatever    it was. Nick was  Lily's  husband. Her husband  had been   fired   the   previous  year. Lily felt very nervous about their financial  problems  and their future  as  they  wanted  to  have  a baby. She told    Pat about what had happened in her family  and   that  she was worried. Of course, she knew Nick didn't like her to tell other  people     about his private <NS type="MN"></NS>. She told    Pat that she didn't want  any  other people  to know   about  it except her. Pat also promised not to tell other people.
But  (in*/at)      a     party, their  friends   wanted  to show their concern,  and  they went to ask about Nick and  give  him  their  sympathy. This  made  Nick very  embarrassed  and  he   felt  hurt. Finally, they got  separated .
Today, Pat and Lily  are still   friends . But Lily never  tells  her what she really  wants  <NS type="M"></NS> and what  she  really  thinks   about      things . Pat felt very sorry about that  but   it  was too late.
Dear manager,
During my stay in London, I visited all the most famous  places  and I enjoyed  myself  a lot during  these  days.
I love London's  musicals  and I read the advertisement for the show called "over the rainbow".
I've gone to many  musicals  where the main actor was Danny Brook and I can say that he is really good.
It was my last night in London and I decided to go to this    show. When I asked for the price I was surprised  because  the  assistant  told  me  there wasn't any discount available. I showed the advertisement to him and he said it was wrong and I paid the normal price.
I bought the ticket for the second  performance  and I went to the theatre at seven o'clock. I had been waiting half an hour outside the theatre  when  finally it started at a quarter past eight.
I was angry about all of  these  problems but I was disappointed when I realised the advertisement was wrong  (with*/about)  the actor's name.
When the    show finished I went to the theatre's restaurant and it was closed because it was too late, so I couldn't have dinner there, as    was  promised   in the advertisement .
 It  wasn't a good evening and I would like to have my money back.
Waiting for your answer.
Modern technology has changed my daily life and I'll try to explain  how .
We have been using personal computers for nine years and it's one of the most important changes.
Last year I spent ten hours looking for information for my homework. The subject was "What's happening in Irak?" I started my research in the town's library and all the information I collected was from a local newspaper. After two hours I thought that all of this information was  written  from a foreign point of view and it wasn't the native opinion.
I used my computer     to collect  reports from  the   Internet  and I can promise I found so much information that I couldn't  analyse  it in two weeks.
 The Internet  has changed our daily life: you can find whatever you want. Do you want to have a different lunch? Do you want to organize a different holiday  (in*/to)  a strange place? You can find  all you need there  and more!
I can't imagine my parents playing in the street ,  without watching the TV. I couldn't  live  without modern music. I'm not interested in films without special effects..
And what about mobile telephones? Changes won't stop     coming   :  the WAP technology (you'll buy a cake  (in*/from)  a  vending machine  without any  coins , only one call), digital TV, virtual reality and more...
 Dear  Mr. Jones,
How are you? I'm not so well, and that's the reason why I'm  writing  this letter to you.
Because you are the manager  (at*/of)  the theatre, you have to know    about  the problems which it has.
First of all ,  and the most important for me ,  is that you lie to your audience. I didn't see  Danny Brook anywhere , but another actor. That    was a big mistake.  Unfortunately  your  advertisement   said that the show starts at 19:30 but it started 45 minutes later. Also there weren't any discounts.
Oh! I    almost  forgot .  Your  restaurant was closed because your  chef  was ill. What can you say about that?
So, that's why I'm asking you to give me   some of  my  money back.  I was expecting the perfect evening out , it was  in the end  one of the most  disappointing     of my life .
Yours  sincerely 
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
That's a good question! I know that   each student  will give      a  different  answer , but some of us will have some  opinions .
I think that   the  big     development    of technology  in  the last 30 years  has helped  and  is  still helping us a lot in our daily life. With  TV  we can learn   what is going on all over the world. With    telephones,    aeroplanes,  and  even    fast ships ,  there are no big distances any more.
 Every  summer  I go   abroad with my family . We can see new countries, learn about their history etc. With my computer ( and   the   Internet ) I can speak  (with*/to)  my friends    wherever  they are.
All  this  may     sound  great, but  it   isn't  all <NS type="M"></NS>.  Using      the   TV  and computer    makes  people more  closed . You might not know your neighbour because  you are in the house all the time . Children are not studying as much  as  they  ought  to, because they are watching  TV ,  talking  on the phone or even playing computer games.
That's why my marks this year were  a  bit low. And  of course  my parents were very angry with me. This is also another  cause  of  heart   attacks .
Mr.  Manager ,
In this  uncomfortable  situation I am  writing  to tell you about some  irritating  problems. I went today to see Over the Rainbow, and I am very disappointed with the organisation of your theatre.
First of all, when I went to buy my tickets I discovered that the advertisement was saying false things because there wasn't any discount available, but     I bought the ticket anyway .
Then, the time  stated   as  the beginning  of the show  was 19:30 and  unfortunately   it  began at 20:15.
I have already    seen   other  versions of this musical and Danny Brook is a bad actor,  who ended with the musical .
 Closing  these  facts , when the musical finished I was very <unknown/>,  after   waiting  for the start of the musical and  I was   disappointed  with this version of Over the Rainbow . Everybody  went to the restaurant ,   which   was  closed without any explanation.
I am very  disappointed  with this evening and with  this   disorganised  way of  dealing  with problems so I am asking  for  my money back.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. He has a  best friend ,  who  was more like a brother  (for*/to)  him. They always  did   things  together, and they were the most popular boys in school . Both  were very  handsome , played football ;  they were  an  example for everybody.  That was before   the  day   when Pat discovered that his brother was gay . After   that  their relationship  changed . Pat was very frightened  (with*/by)  this situation.
Pat and Ted    always had  competition, and Ted used to be the best . He   had never  failed and people in general     liked   Ted more  .  I don't  know  why.
This secret was an opportunity for Pat  to be  the best without  any  competition but it  was  a secret  that  involved his best  friend's  sexuality, and if Ted  had been  a normal person it  would have been  fine but he was  an  example for all  the  school.
Unable to keep a secret he told    everyone, ended his friendship with Ted . Now  Ted is  rejected   (for*/by)  everyone, no one talks to him and Pat is the example, but without his best friend and his  honesty .
I  would  prefer  to be  nothing than  to be  like Pat
Dear Sir,
My name is Yakimo Nashoto .  I study in France and I went to London just to see "Over the Rainbow" because all my friends told me that it was "great". However, when I saw it, I was really  disappointed  and I  must  ask you  for  some money back. The reasons why I was disappointed  are   as follows :
First of all, Danny Brook was not there .  I was very upset because he is my  favourite  singer and  that  was one of the reasons why I wanted to see this show.
Then, the show started  at   20.15  instead of 19.30. My Euro Star was at  22.00 . As you can see, I missed my train to go back to Paris.
 On the  development  , they also said that  there   would  be a discount for students who are between eighteen and twenty-five years old but  that  was totally wrong because I paid the full price ,  which was £20.
Finally, I wanted to buy something to drink,  but  the restaurant was closed because it was    a bank holiday!
 In conclusion , it was the  worst  evening I have ever had in my life so I  must  ask you for  my  money back.
 Yours  faithfully,
 Modern  technology has changed my daily life a lot.
First of all,  the  Internet makes my life easier. Some of my friends live    overseas . We  keep in touch  (by*/with)  e-mails . It  is a very good way     to communicate  because it is much cheaper than a phone call and we can re-read  e-mails  and keep them forever.
 Also , nine  people  out of ten have a mobile phone in our society. I have one too! It is very useful for several reasons:
when I want to call someone, I don't need to look  for  a phone box ; 
people can phone me at  any time  they want from  anywhere  ; 
when I go out, sometimes my parents are worried so they phone    me  to see  if everything is    alright.
Finally, there is a TV in my  parents'  car. We can watch TV . There  is also a map so when we get lost, it is very  easy  to  find out the place .
 In conclusion , I agree that modern technology has changed my daily life but I am sure that ,  in the future, my life will not be the same as now because more modern technology will appear.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you to complain about the differences between what the advertisement  (of*/for)   the  Circle  theatre  said about the musical show called 'Over The Rainbow' and the things I noticed when I was there.
First of all, the most annoying thing for me was the absence of Danny Brook because in my country I don't have the chance to enjoy his excellent  performance . Another actor  stood   in  for him, without any  advance warning .
Another thing was the  confirmed hour  of the show  because  it started forty-five minutes  late  without any  factual  reason  being given .
In addition to all this, there was no discount  (in*/on)  the price of the tickets   for students either, contrary to what I was told  (by*/on)   the  phone when I asked for more information.
Moreover, as I had read the advertisement carefully, I had planned to invite some friends to have dinner at the  theatre's  restaurant. But ,   (for*/to)  our surprise, it was  closed . At the end of all these  circumstances  ,  we were so puzzled and disappointed that we decided to make a complaint.
So,  because of  the things I have mentioned, I think I  should  be given some money back.
I look forward to  receiving   some  information from you.
Yours faithfully,
"How has modern technology changed your daily life?"
Owing to the great speed of technological development, people need to lead a faster life.
When this technological  aspect  changes so quickly, I obviously feel that my life changes too in many fields.
I would say that the worst thing  (of*/about)  this development for me is that  I experience more and more  stress in almost every aspect of my life. There is  not  enough time to do a lot of things; and if I want to do them, I realize that my life  is  devoted  (in*/to)  my duties without  leaving any  time  (to*/for)  pleasures.
Apart from this, another disadvantage is the pollution we all live with in the majority of cities,  being able  to  breathe  fresh air several days a month when we go to the country.
In addition to this, there is less  communication  between members of my family, because when we arrive    home after an  exhausting  day racing  (with*/against)     time, the only thing we want to do is  lie   (in*/on)  the sofa while watching television.
Apart from this,  advanced computer  technology allows me to contact anyone    the moment that I want to, while five years ago ,  when I did not have a computer, I had to write letters ,  which was a slower way to contact    people.
On the other hand ,  and  in  conclusion, I think that this development has made my life more comfortable  living  surrounded  by lots of gadgets with  different  functions .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing in order to express my disappointment  (about*/with)  your musical show "Over the Rainbow".
I  saw  the show's advertisement hanging up  (of*/on)  a wall in London where I was spending my holiday with some friends. I convinced them to go there with me because I had heard good  reviews   (about*/of)  your Company and, above all,  because of  the main star, Danny Brook.
The problems started  (in*/at)  the box office, where we asked for the discounts you announced in the advertisement, and the man who was selling the tickets said that they didn't exist.
Moreover, the show was delayed forty-five minutes and the worst of all was that Danny Brook had been replaced by another actor.
 In addition , the theatre restaurant was closed  for  unknown reasons.
You promised a perfect evening but it became a big  disaster !
I would like some kind of explanation and  to get  my money back. If you don't agree, I will act   .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Last Wednesday Carole received a letter. The stamp was from a foreign country and the address was written in Capital Letters. She didn't recognize the writing. She began to read ,  "Dear Carolin.. "  There was only  one  person who used to call her by this name. It brought a lot of memories back to her. It was long time ago, when she was fourteen and Paul sixteen. He was her first love and also the first who kissed her. Paul had to move to Mexico because of his father's work. When they were saying goodbye Paul  said  ,  "I will be the last person who will kiss you". "It sounds nice but I don't believe it , " she replied. "You only have to wait , " he said. But she didn't wait. She got married and had two children.  At the time  Carole was living with her husband but they didn't love each other any more. Their love had finished. In his letter Paul said that he had become a rich man and he would come back to meet her again. Her friend Pat had explained the whole story  (at*/to)  her husband. What  would she  do?
17.06.2000
Dear Sir/Madam,
I have recently been to your musical show 'Over the Rainbow'. To my regret, the evening totally failed to live up to my expectations. The advertisement provided false information, e.g. the names of the actors were incorrect - Danny Brook was not performing. I have to say, this fact disappointed me very much.
Moreover, the show started late: instead of 19.30 ( the  time in the advertisement) people were allowed in at 20:15, resulting in  a  waiting time of 45 minutes.
There were two other problems: there were no discounts ,  contrary to the information in the advertisement, and the theatre restaurant was closed because of the  repair   work .
This evening, as you can see, proved to be far from perfect. Therefore, I would like to have my money back. Please contact me for more details if necessary.
Yours faithfully,
Miss Nitya Ramel
We are living in a technologically advanced world where we are surrounded by all sorts of devices   which would seem fantastic to our ancestors. My daily life has been changed much by modern technology without me noticing it up to this point.
Just looking around, I realise that modern technology has crept into every area of my life. I would rather type some  course work  up than hand-write it. This  makes  my life easier, and at the same time  saves  some trees in a  rain forest  from being cut  down .
When I am too  tired  to go out but want to meet some new people, computer technology provides me with  the  opportunity. Using the Internet, I can meet people  from  all around the world  without  going anywhere. With all the resources on the Net I don't need to go to the library as often as I used to. I guess I haven't realised until now how much my daily life has been changed by modern technology. This leaves me wondering how beneficial its influence is for me.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir,
I would like to complain about a musical show. I was very  disappointed   during  a  week's  holiday    because I had    a lot of  problems  with the show.
I had seen  from  the advertisement that the actors were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but it was not Danny Brook. I was really  disappointed  because he is my  favourite  actor.
The musical should  have started  at 19.30, but it started at 20.15. When I went to  ask  for the discount  (of*/on)   the  ticket  (in*/at)  the cashier desk they told me no discount  was  available   . I had seen the advertisement  saying  that  a  discount  was  available.
After the show I  decided  to  have  dinner in your theatre restaurant, but I couldn't because it  was  closed. It closed at 10 pm but the show finished at 10.30 pm.
This was not  a  perfect evening for me, so if you don't give  me  my money back, I will tell    the newspaper about it.
I am looking forward to  hearing   some  good  news .
Yours  faithfully ,
Boo Sersuwan.
I think in the next 100 years people will wear     space clothes  with  a  small engine in the back ,  because of the atmosphere. The atmosphere  (in*/of)  the earth  is  now  deteriorating  badly every  year .
The  level of  carbon dioxide  is  growing very fast and people cut  down  more trees, therefore  there are  not enough trees to  absorb the  carbon dioxide and produce oxygen.
The  designers  will have a lot of  ideas   (for*/about)  how to make very nice and useful clothes.  I think if we wear  these  clothes we will travel     everywhere  easier than we use cars, ships, planes and  spaceships  .  This  means  the engineering will find the way to useless petrol for it, so it must useful in the future .
I think somebody will  make  a very big area to grow  plants   so  they can sell the oxygen. This  will be  a new business.
I think I can win this  prize , because  these   clothes  will  be produced  in  soon in the future .
June 17th 2000
"Dear"  manager  of the Circle theatre,
I went  (in*/to)  London for a week of "pure holiday" ,  thinking  I   would   have  some fun  going  to see your musical show.
 (On*/In)  the advertisement it  was  written that  Danny Brook would be there  too. (I like him very much and,  frankly , I came to the theatre just to see him)
When I  arrived  I didn't get  a  discount ( which      had  been  advertised !!) The show  was meant   to start  at 19:30 and I arrived  early , frightened  of  not  finding  a good place to see "my hero".
I  waited  for the show  to start  until 20:15!!!!  Is that fair ?
I was getting angry, but, finally, the show started and I became  quieter .
BUT.. when I saw that the actor wasn't Danny Brook but a different one, I was very disappointed.
So, after the show, I would  have liked  to have a good meal in the "famous theatre restaurant" ( which , of course, was closed for a  free night !!!!)
 (At*/In)  the end, I asked for  I  money back (and  payment  for my  horrible  night): do you think anybody  will  give me  something back ?!
I hope, that in the future, you will understand that it isn't right to write false things  (on*/in)  an advertisement.
Thank you for your attention.
Faithfully
Science and technology characterize our  modern  society. They have  made     big progress in our  everyday  life and they  are always becoming  more important for us. If you think that fifty years ago, when there weren't cars or any sort of  comforts  (born just in the "industrial age") everything had to be done by  hand  or by animal  labour : I think  (in*/at)  that time life was really  much  harder than now! We have to say that technological  advances  have  given  our society "their good fruits" but, at the same time,  they have  negative aspects too. Walking on a city street, it's difficult to find parks or "green" places with trees and clean air: actually pollution, traffic and  noise  are the main problems of our society. I know I'm  a  "daughter of this  technological  world" and  unluckily  I think I  couldn't   live  without it: it's rather strange that today there's  still  somebody without  a  phone, dishwasher, TV... But, sometimes I ask myself if the "ancient world", without science, technological  innovations  and industries was more authentic than    our one.
Dear Mr. (...),
My name is ... Two weeks ago my family and I visited London. During our stay we saw a  bright  advertisement  (of*/for)  your theatre and decided to see this  latest  and best musical show (as it  said  in  your  advertisement). Actually ,  I must say that  it   wasn't our perfect evening  out!
In your  advertisement   it   said  that in  the  main roles  there  would be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. Danny wasn't there! Instead there was a different actor whose  performance  was disappointing.
The show  was supposed  to begin at 19.30, but  in fact  it started at 20.15 and we had to wait for 45 minutes  in a great noise .
Some  words  about  the  tickets:  your   advertisement   said  that discounts were available so we didn't have <NS type="MQ"></NS> money with us. When we  arrived  ,  the administration of the theatre said that discounts are not available.
Finally, when we decided to visit your theatre restaurant after the show ,  it was closed (all the staff went home because the show lasted 45 minutes longer).
For all these reasons ,  I would like you to give me at least half of my money back.
 With hope for a mutual agreement , Mrs. (...).
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. It was May   15 - our  English  teacher's birthday. Marion was our favourite school teacher and we decided to  organise  a surprise for her.
 A month   before  we began to prepare for this day and we all agreed to keep it    a secret. We  had been discussing  for a long time what to  give  her. There were a lot of proposals from the students: one  suggested  a vase, another    a good pen (he said it would be useful for the teacher). But we decided to buy a picture, because she  had always told  us about art galleries with    great  excitement .
We  chose  the best one with a beautiful nature  scene  in it.
We also decided to arrange a party on her birthday (and it had to be a surprise too).
 The  day before her birthday we had an English lesson, and after the lesson Pat  went  up to Marion and told her about our surprise. He was bad-tempered and envious and he didn't want everything to be all right, and besides he didn't like Marion. That's why he disappointed Marion and us.
June 17th, 2000
Dear Sir,
I am writing this letter to show  how  disappointed  I am  with the musical show "Over The Rainbow".
First of all ,  I was expecting to see Danny Brook  acting  but I felt very disappointed when a different actor appeared.
When I saw the advertisement  (of*/for)  the show it was written that the show  would   start  at a half past seven but  it  started at a quarter past eight.
Then when I was buying my ticket I asked for  a  discount but they weren't available.
When the show finished I was  intending  to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed.
I was expecting a lovely and perfect evening out but it was the most  disappointing  experience I have ever  had . So because of this horrible evening I want to ask for my money back.
yours faithfully,
Modern technology  has  been changing    human life since the first  man  was born.
When I wake up I take a shower using  electricity  then I prepare my breakfast in the oven then I go to school by bus, when I arrive at home I put my lunch in the microwave  then  I watch  TV  and do my homework using a pen . When  I come back from jiu-jitsu I eat something that was cooked in the oven then I go to bed.
About a  millennium  ago  everything  was different ;     people didn't have electricity, they  cooked  their food on the fire and they didn't have pens.
Comparing these  two  realities the reader can notice that modern technology  has changed   our daily life very much .
Dear Sir,
I'm writing this letter to complain about the show which I saw  (in*/at)  your theatre.
During  my   stay  in London, I  read  your advertisement and planned to enjoy seeing the musical show. I had expected that I  would  have    a wonderful night.
But it was completely different     to   what  I had expected. I had been looking forward to seeing Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. Can you imagine how disappointed I was when I saw    different actors on the stage?
According to the advertisement the show  was  to start at 19:30. However ,  it  started  at 20:15. We had to wait for 45 minutes!  Can  you understand how boring it was just sitting with nothing to do  ? You mention    discounts, too. But no discounts were  offered . In addition your theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was sick!
I felt so uncomfortable and the night was not perfect at all. I insist you    refund all the money that I wasted in your theatre.
Yours faithfully,
Modern technology has really changed our daily life.
For example, we don't have to wash our face with cold water even if it is  a  freezing morning. We can live in a clean and comfortably air-conditioned house. The  housework  doesn't take much time thanks to electrical  equipment . And we can speak to anyone at anytime on a phone even if he or she is abroad. Further, we can get  a lot of  information  as you like at a moment  with  the   Internet . In addition, we can travel    anywhere in the world  in  a few days.
These are  the  advantages which modern technology has brought    us. But I must accept that there are some disadvantages  arising from     technology, as well.
The biggest disadvantage is pollution.  These  days, many kinds of pollution have been caused by our modern  lifestyle . Air pollution  (by*/from)  cars, Soil pollution  (by*/from)  industrial  waste . The sea is also polluted by oil and  the  chemical  detergents  which  are  used  (at*/in)   the  home. Even food is polluted. All these facts mean that our modern life  causes   great  damage to the earth. All of us must notice this fact. And we should  keep our attention paid  in order  to save  our precious earth.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing this letter to mention all the disappointing events in the Circle Theatre  production   of  "Over The Rainbow".
I went to see it on time as it was  advertised   at  19:30 but it started  at  20:15 ,  with a delay of 45 minutes.
This is nothing, it was said that Danny Brook was starring. However a different actor starred and we were all disappointed.
What is more, about the tickets, discounts were not available  as it was not said so .
The last disappointing thing is that the theatre restaurant was closed so we could not visit it after the show.
As    you can understand ,  I did not enjoy myself and I think I spent my money  (for*/on)  a  nonsense  thing. Therefore, if  possible , can you  pay  my money back please?  My address is here for any contacts  . 
Yours faithfully,
PAT LIKE A BLACK CAT
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. He told everything that Pandora said   to everyone  who  Pandora didn't want    to know.
Pandora had done something very bad like a robbery and one day told this to Pat because she was very  shy  and regretful. Pat was her best friend so she told    him. However, she didn't know that Pat couldn't keep secrets well.
One day ,  while all their friends were there and talking, Pat told everyone that Pandora had done a robbery. All of them were  shocked  by what they heard. As well as this ,  they started to talk about it everywhere.
After a week  (of*/on)  holiday, when Pandora returned she learned that  all  of her friends knew  about  that. She became very  shy  and  angry  .  She couldn't talk with people and she  was just  very sad.
Finally, she couldn't wait and  went  to talk to Pat. He admitted that it was his fault    and told everyone that it was a joke to make Pandora a bit angry. After all  that  ,  they again became good friends but Pat learned to keep secrets.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir,
I am writing to inform you about the bad experience I had  yesterday  evening going to the theatre.
According to the advertisement, one of the  actors  who  would perform  was Danny Brook but for some unknown reasons, there was another ,  disappointing actor instead of him.
By the way, the musical show started at 20:15, when it  was meant  to start at 19:30: it wasn't  just  late, it was  much too     late. We waited an hour to not see what we were waiting for.
And what's more, there weren't  any   discounts  available and the theatre restaurant was closed: the only people who could enter    were the actors and the staff.
Well, it seems that it wasn't my perfect evening and for all these reasons I  demand  to have my money back, I  wasted  £20 to see a show which doesn't respect the  programme  I  paid  for.
Looking forward to hearing from you soon
 Yours  sincerely
Science and technology have changed man's life: that's true, I don't need to look  at  how they affect the lives of    others, I  only have  to see how they have changed my life.
Radio, television, stereo, CD, computer: it's hard to believe, but every day I'm using something that  was   born  from    technology. Science and technology can be useful: see for example the use of  TV  in the school or the use of the radio to learn a foreign language or the use of the computer to  get  further information about something  that   interests  you.
But they can also have a bad influence on people's  minds . Since I went to school, I've seen my way of thinking  change : in my mind  everything  must be in order like in  the  CD-rom of a computer. It's incredible but if I think of the key-word of  the  mind, the only one I can think of is ORDER. Then there are television, radio, stereo: another bad aspect is that every day,  consciously , I'm using these instruments. They are objects which  make up  part of my life. In the afternoon I  spend  two hours listening to the radio or watching television instead of going to the city centre: it seems I prefer staying with objects without an aim and that can't speak with me,  rather than   meeting  new people,  speaking  with them  and   being   in  contact with the "human world". Am I crazy? No, I'm only a daughter of    technology.
Yesterday my grandmother asked me what  I would  do without the computer. I answered    her saying I probably  would  die.
Saturday 17th June
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about your musical show. I am not really satisfied  (about*/with)  it. Lots of information in your advertisement  is  not correct. Some problems of organisation seem to  have  appeared.
Firstly, I hoped to have a relaxing  evening   (with*/at)  your    show but  that   didn't happen . In your advertisement you announced the actors were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. They were replaced by less famous actors. Unfortunately, the musical    was  boring . I was terribly disappointed. Moreover, it started at 20.15 instead of 19.30 as you had written   . I had to wait for 45 minutes     doing nothing . I  wish  you  had informed  us  beforehand .
Secondly,    I had to pay full price whereas you  guaranteed  us some discount prices. I was very interested in visiting your theatre restaurant after the show but it seemed to me it was closed. Your assistant prevented us from visiting it because it was too late and he was so busy.
Finally, you thought that you could  give  us a perfect evening but  that  was not true. Consequently, I would like you  to refund  my  ticket .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Nowadays, we need modern technology to improve    daily life. In my opinion, science and technology will have consequences on my  behaviour .
First of all, as you    know, lots of technology  has   advanced   (since*/in)   a  few years. For example, without using  the   Internet  I could not  get     through to foreign people. This interactive  method  of communication allows me to reach everybody everywhere without restrictions. I feel free as  an  eagle. I can take advantage of  such  technologies as mobile  phones , lap top  computers ,  televisions , to have  contact  with different cultures.
Secondly, technology has changed my daily life because it allows me to do  many  more things than before. Unfortunately, it could  be  an  inconvenience  for me because of pollution from cars  and  factories. I can't go to the  town centre  of  a  big city. There are links between the  greenhouse effect , technology and me.
To conclude, we must not forget that science and technology is a tool  to help   us  to live better. Be  careful , my own technology can kill me. I can use it but  only within  limits.
Circle theatre's Manager: I am  writing   to  you because I felt  disappointed  after seeing the musical    "Over the Rainbow". There were many things that were wrong in the advertisement I saw. First the actors who were  supposed  to star in this show were not the ones put  on stage . So when I saw the show I felt horrible, because I was expecting to see Danny Brook. But the problems started  when  I arrived  at  the place. I had a discount  ticket , but they  refused  it and I had to pay the full price.  Apart  from this, the show started  forty-five  minutes  late . I think  these  reasons are  sufficient     to ask for my money back. So I hope that you will understand my point. Please be  understanding  and realize that your show was not cheap. I'm a student, so I do not have a lot of money and I need it back. I also  have  to tell you that the theatre restaurant was closed because there were  too  few people there and they  take me out of  the place, so I was very upset. I will  come  to your office this week. I hope to see you there.
Pat's secret
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. He had talked to Caroline days before the secret was known. She had told him about  her  relationship with her boyfriend. Everybody knew that Caroline and her boyfriend John ,  loved each other so much that it wouldn't be  surprising  to find that they had  had  sex   . The point here is   that Caroline  chose  the worst friend to  tell  this  to . She was also concerned about being  pregnant , but she was afraid to  tell  John about it. So she decided to ask Pat what to do. When she finally told him, Pat  reacted  in a very  bad  way and  told John immediately . He couldn't  believe  what Pat had told him, so he broke Pat's nose. Pat's father had to pay  for  a very expensive operation. But  like  every story this has a happy  ending . John and Caroline still love each other, and she wasn't pregnant at all, it was just her  imagination . And Pat understood that  secrets should die on your own .
Dear sir or madam,
My name is Molly Menbrook. I have seen your new musical, 'Over the rainbow'. I am sorry but I must admit it was a bit disappointing.
I bought the ticket for the evening performance to end the day with a nice musical. But the time wasn't kept. I had to wait 45mins to get in! So in order to keep myself occupied for a while, I went to the restaurant  but  it wasn't open. I couldn't see anyone inside either. No one.
The show  itself  was quite disappointing. The show was OK though I suggest you hire different actors. I think Danny Brook doesn't suit the role he plays in this musical...
Also you mentioned a discount. For tickets. Well no, I didn't get a discount! And the tickets were pretty expensive...
Anyway, after watching the musical, I felt a bit peckish so I went to the restaurant again with  the  hope that it might be open, but still, nobody was in. Then a person appeared, walking towards the door to the kitchen, I guessed. I asked him why the restaurant was closed. He said it was because the  manager  of the restaurant had gone out to arrange the food supply for the next day. They had been closed for 3 days according to him.
So you see my point. It wasn't very pleasant. So I am going to ask for a refund... I hope this isn't  offending  you too much... Or asking you for too much.
Reply as soon as possible,
best regards,
I think the clothes in future will be similar in shape as the clothes that exist now. Just like sweaters, shoes, t-shirts etc... But maybe not.
When it comes down to  colour , I think it'll be much brighter and maybe glittery. Like shiny and plastic  kind . Maybe silver and gold, glittery red, purple and blue. As well as bright yellow, orange and green. All suitable for discos!
Shoes will be high heeled and modern.  Colours  to match the clothes. Still, comfortable. I think they'll be based on some kind of space theme and aliens.
But I think I prefer the clothes now. I'll stick to baggy t-shirts, jeans, baseball caps and trainers. They'll do for me instead of all the silvers and golds. Al the spacy theme. I think I'll be fine in the clothes we have now... I mean, I won't get sick  (in*/of)  them!
Though some people may fancy the glitter and the spacy feel, I don't like it and I hope it really isn't the style for the future. It's just not my cup of tea...
Mr Manager,
I'm sorry  to be  writing  to  you  (for*/about)  such a bad thing, but my evening at your theatre wasn't as perfect as you  advertised : it wasn't perfect at all! I was pleased  to be   seeing  Danny Brooke, he's my favourite actor, so you can easily imagine how disappointed I was when I saw a different and unknown actor on the  stage ! By the way, what really upset me was the  starting time . According to your advertisement it  started  at 19:30, and   what a surprise when I had to wait almost an hour until the show started at 20:15! Now let's talk about the tickets. You had promised discounts on the cost ,  which was from £10 to £20, but despite  what I thought  I had to pay £20 without  any   other   options . In the end, I thought I could enjoy myself  visiting  the theatre restaurant but it was closed because of something they didn't explain to me.
As you can see  it was  not a perfect evening,  was  it?
I'm asking you  for  my money back, you can do it, can't you?
 Wondering your comprension 
 Yours  sincerely
THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA - Ernest Hemingway
As I see it, the Old Man and the Sea is a really  exciting  book. It describes a challenge, the challenge of life. The  main   character  is the old man who has to fight against the sea to  stay  alive. It could be his last adventure. This old man with his old boat goes too far away from the coast to try to fish  for  something good. By surprise he comes across the biggest fish he has ever seen, a beautiful marlin. The man keeps  constantly  in contact with it. They are going to be one thing linked together. They're fighting for the same reason with the same  strength , the man has to kill a brother, as he calls the fish. I think they're really brothers, they feel the same pain and fear during the battle.
If the marlin could speak it would have told the old  man   the  same thing. When the old man won the fight he felt sorry but pleased. He respected and still  loved  it. But, afterwards,    life's rule is MORS TUA VITA MEA and that's the most  difficult   thing  to face  up  to.
Dear Manager of the Circle Theatre
I recently had a week's holiday in London. During my stay, I went to the Circle Theatre to see your musical show called 'Over the rainbow'. It was actually very disappointing and I have to say that I want my money back as you said 'your pefect evening' out in your advertisement and I  really  do think it was not the perfect evening out.
Here are the problems  (of*/with)  your show. In your advertisement, it says that Danny Brook will act but he did not. It was a different actor and I was very disappointed. It says that the show starts at 14:30 and 19:30 but the show started at 20:15 which was 45 minutes late.
The price of  the  ticket was another problem. Your advertisement says 'discounts available' but it was not available. I did not get  a  discount. I really liked your idea of visiting your theatre restaurant, but because of the late start of the show, the restaurant was closed by the end of the show.
I really do think you need to organise your show a bit more carefully so you do not make these mistakes in future and it will be kind of you if you give my money back.
Yours faithfully
Ring T Lun
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
I believe that modern technology has changed a lot of people's daily life. My daily life also  has been  affected by modern technology a lot.
The modern technology which changed my daily life most is  the  personal computer. I can do a lot of things using the computer. I can play games, listen to music, and I can do my course  work   (in*/on)  the computer.
The main advantage of modern technology is getting more  information  in  a  shorter time. I can go on  the   Internet  in my house using computers or from outside using mobile phones. I don't have to go to  the  library and read  hundreds  of books to find  information  anymore.
I have TV's and radios so I can watch or listen to various  news  and I don't have to go to football  stadiums  to see how the players are playing.
There are, of course ,  some disadvantages. Nowadays, it is too easy to get lazy because of modern technology. I do not have to walk or run a lot to go somewhere. There are plenty of trains and buses. I have to spend my time doing some exercises or I will get really lazy and unfit. I sometimes think that it might not be a good idea to use modern technology a lot.
I think modern techonology has changed my daily life a lot and I hope it will develop even more to change my life even more.
London 17 June 2000
Dear Sir/Madam,
I recently had a week's holiday in London, so I went to the theatre to see a musical    ,  'Over the Rainbow' ,  at 'The Circle Theatre', where you are the manager.
I had a terrible evening, so there were a lot of faults in the event of last Saturday: The first point, the show started at 20:15 (it was    late). The second point, the principal actor was changed. The third point was that the  discount  tickets were unavailable and ,  finally, the theatre restaurant was closed because the oven was broken and we couldn't enjoy  ourselves  there after the musical   .
I would be grateful if you could send  me my  money back because it was a horrible evening for my family and it wasn't a perfect evening out.
I hope to have news  (about*/from)  you as soon as possible
Yours faithfully,
JUAN SAN SEBASTIAN
 Science  and technology have changed my  everyday life .
 Modern technology   is  used all the time at home, at school or  while  working.
When I was a child I didn't use the computer because I didn't know what  it   was    .  Actually , I can work with it in my office and  visit  some  website  using the new technologies such as  the   Internet .
 Life  is more comfortable with all the new machines you can use at home,  or  at the office ,  or  new technology   helps us  to live with all the new medical machines in the hospitals.
The new  inventions  have transformed my life, so it is easier with     modern technology  (the mobile, the car, the plane, the coach, the train, the medical advances and domestic  appliances ), they have  created  more  comfort  and pleasure.
Dear Sir, I would like to  tell  you how disappointed I am about the musical show you manage. As I had a whole  week's  holiday I decided to spend it in London. At first I  thought  I would just  do  a bit of  sightseeing  all around the city. But when one night I saw your advertisement I decided to spend my last night in the city watching a musical   . No sooner had I seen  who  the starring actor  was  than I couldn't believe it. Danny Brook was one of my best friends while I was at University. But as the show began, I realised that the actor was someone different, his name was Tim Paradise. If this had been my only disappointment nothing would have happened, but I had to wait  till  quarter past eight    to watch the show, instead of  it   beginning  at half past seven as you had written in your advertisement.
Although I found the  ticket's   price   much too  expensive I  thought  that there would be some discounts available, but there were not. As a  conclusion   (of*/to)  that horrible evening I decided to visit your theatre restaurant once the show had finished, but what a surprise when I found it closed.
For all of these reasons I have to ask you     to give   me  my money back.
Sincerely:
a disappointed  customer !
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
 It all  began when I decided to take part in that school project. It consisted in having to  memorise  a whole book of 250 pages in order to pass a final exam. Although this project could seem  like  very  tough  work, I had to try it in order to  raise  my low  overall  mark.
One day as I was talking with my teacher about the project I saw what    could be the final answer sheet  to the  exam on the top of his desk.  Suddenly , when the teacher went out of his office, I quickly copied the answers  (on*/into)  my notebook .  I couldn't believe it . This  would be the easiest exam I would  do . As I went out of the office I found  Pat, my best friend, walking down the corridor . As she was also  doing  the project I decided to let her copy the answers. I told her she  mustn't   talk  about  it  to anybody. She agreed and went home very happy. When night came I couldn't believe what was happening. Almost all my  classmates  were  (in*/at)  the front door of my house asking me if I had the  answers   (of*/to)  the exam. I couldn't believe that my best friend had told everybody about my secret.
 (In*/On)  the exam day everybody  answered   every question correctly . And after having corrected all of them, our teacher told us we had to repeat the exam because he realised we knew what the answers were.
It was the last time I trusted    Pat.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I'm writing to complain about the show   that I  recently attended     at your theatre. During my visit there  some problems occurred    that made my evening completely disappointing.
Firstly,  when  I wanted to buy a ticket, I was informed that no discounts were available. However, the serious problems appeared later.  The play not only  started 45 minutes after it was planned, but  when  the actors eventually appeared  (at*/on)  the stage,  I also saw    that Danny Brook  had been  replaced by a different actor, who was very disappointing in his role. To make matters even worse, the theatre restaurant was closed after the show, without any information  being  given about the reason  (of*/for)   its  closure.
As you see, my evening in your theatre  really  wasn't perfect. I hope I will get a full refund. I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
Have you ever thought of  the  year 2100? Do you think   that  the  world will be different from  the   present-day  world then? I would answer "yes"  (for*/to)  both questions. And if I were asked,  "What  will be completely different in  the  year 2100, "  I would say: clothes.
Most of the scientists, when asked about the Earth in a hundred years ,  claim   that it is going to be absolutely scorching here then.
In my opinion, if the weather is so good people will very quickly forget about any winter clothes. What is more,  the  ground will be so hot   that  walking  will only be possible in huge shoes, which  will  be massive, but not heavy at all. Another effect of the scorching weather could be   that people won't be allowed to  go  out of the building unless they wear specially designed caps or hats, made of materials   that aren't known yet.
On the whole, we can only  guess  what clothes will be like in  the  year 2100. But in case my predictions are right, maybe you should buy a new pair of shorts?
Dear Sir/Madam; I am writing to complain about the musical    "Over The Rainbow", which  was   performed   (in*/at)  your theatre. Firstly, I had been looking forward to that show since Danny Brook was to be one of the main actors; however, there was  another  actor instead of him, which  was a great disappointment to me . Secondly, as for the times  of the performance , instead of 19.30 it    started at 20:15, which  meant  being stranded  (in*/at)  the theatre for such a long time.  In addition , I had brought very little money in the hope that I would get a discount.  However , there was not any available. Finally, as regards the theatre restaurant, it was closed due to problems with the pipes. As you may realize, it was not a perfect evening out but a complete disaster. I am asking you  for  a full refund or at least  some  of my money back. I look forward to hearing from you, Yours faithfully ANDREHI LISA DANZELLI
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. What is more, every time I trusted her with my secrets, she always let me down. It was always the same; she would meet with her neighbours afterwards and give my secrets away. To make matters worse, people gossiped about me and tried to find out more and more about my private affairs, which made me feel embarrassed. The worst  thing  was that she started to make up false stories about me, which soon spread all around the neighbourhood.
Needless to say, I couldn't put up with that situation any longer so I  decided  to fall out with her. Since then, I  haven't  talked to her again, despite the fact that she regretted doing all that and really wanted to make up with me.  Of course , I became aware of her feelings since a friend of mine overheard a conversation between Pat and  another  girl. In spite of that, I found it difficult to forgive her as she had hurt my feelings; that's why the only thing I could tell her  (since*/after)  we had quarrelled was: "It serves you right, I'll hate you for the rest of your life!"
DEAR SIR,
I AM  WRITING  IN ORDER TO  COMPLAIN  ABOUT THE SHOW THAT YOUR THEATRE  PUT ON . I WENT TO YOUR THEATRE WITH THE IDEA OF HAVING A GREAT TIME .   UNFORTUNATELY , THINGS  WENT  VERY WRONG.
FIRSTLY, IN THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE SHOW IT SAID THAT THE STAR WAS DANNY BROOK, AND THAT WAS  WRONG  BECAUSE THERE WAS A DIFFERENT ACTOR. THIS WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING.
SECONDLY, THE SHOW WAS SUPPOSED TO START AT HALF PAST SEVEN IN THE AFTERNOON, BUT IT STARTED AT QUARTER PAST  EIGHT , THAT IS  FORTY-FIVE  MINUTES LATER! IT IS ALSO ADVERTISED THAT THERE WERE DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE .  HOWEVER, THAT WAS ANOTHER LIE.
LASTLY, AFTER THAT  AWFUL  EXPERIENCE I TRIED TO VISIT YOUR THEATRE RESTAURANT, OF COURSE, I COULDN'T DO IT BECAUSE IT WAS  CLOSED .
AS YOU CAN SEE,  IT  WASN'T MY PERFECT EVENING OUT (AS YOU  PROMISED  IN THE ADVERTISEMENT), SO I WANT YOU TO GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK.
YOURS FAITHFULLY
INGO SANOU
 UNFORTUNATELY , PAT WASN'T VERY GOOD AT KEEPING SECRETS AND I DISCOVERED  THAT  TOO LATE. IF I HAD KNOWN THAT BEFORE, I WOULDN'T  HAVE TOLD  HER THAT I HAD  FAILED  MY MATHEMATICS EXAM.
LAST WEEK I HAD AN  ARGUMENT  WITH MY MOTHER. SHE TOLD ME THAT I WAS SPENDING TOO MUCH TIME WITH MY FRIENDS, SO MY  EXAM RESULTS  WERE GOING TO BE VERY BAD. I SAID THAT I KNEW WHAT I WAS DOING AND THAT MY MARKS WOULD BE GOOD.
AFTER THAT PAT INVITED ME TO GO TO THE  CHARLY GARCIA CONCERT . THE CONCERT WAS PLANNED FOR THE  FOLLOWING  FRIDAY,  WHICH  WAS THE DAY AFTER MY TEACHER GAVE ME MY MARKS. I REALLY WANTED TO GO, AND I KNEW THAT MY EXAM  HAD GONE BADLY , SO I TOLD MY MOTHER THAT I WOULD GET MY  RESULTS  THE NEXT MONDAY, SO MY MOTHER ALLOWED ME TO GO.
THAT FRIDAY, I KNEW THAT I HAD  FAILED  THE EXAM, AND PAT KNEW IT TOO. OF COURSE, I DIDN'T THINK ABOUT TELLING THAT TO MY MOTHER, BUT PAT CAME TO MY HOUSE AND TOLD    MY MOTHER, WITHOUT ANY INTENTION  OF DOING SO . AS A RESULT, I WASN'T ALLOWED TO GO TO THE CONCERT, BUT PAT TOLD ME THAT IT WAS GREAT.
Dear Sir , 
I'm sorry to say  this  ,  but your musical show was very disappointing to me. I was very disappointed.  A lot  of things that you  wrote   (at*/in)  the advertisement are not true.
You  wrote  that the actor was going to be Danny Brook but he wasn't there. A different actor was  performing  and this was very disappointing to everyone.
Also the show did not start at half past seven    as it    said but at eight    fifteen   . Everyone get bored  waiting   (until*/for)  the show  to start .
About the discount that we  were  going to have , why   didn't we get it ?
I am also wondering why you told us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show ,  as it was closed.  After the show everyone   ran  to  get  a good seat  (at*/in)  the restaurant but everyone  was  disappointed when they  saw  the  sign  which said " Closed  for today".
That evening wasn't    perfect and I have to say that I want my money back because the show was a disaster. I'm really sorry     to say  this but  it  is the  truth .
I  hope  that you will not make such mistakes again.
Yours  faithfully 
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Pat is a friend of mine and we  have been  friends for almost a year. She is a very good girl and she can deal with every  problem  she has.
It was Saturday when I called her and  asked  her to go for a walk  (at*/in)  the park, which was not very far away from our houses. I had never told her a secret before but this time   I was going to tell her. The secret was about our friend Maria who was very kind  (with*/to)  everyone .  I told her that I  had heard  that Maria had  concern . Pat told me that she would not  tell  that to anyone but the other day I learnt that all the school  knew  about Maria.
I was sure that  it  was Pat who told       everyone. After that I had an argument with Pat and then she told me that she  told     only    one person. I was very sad  (with*/about)  what Pat  had done  and I didn't speak to her for a long time.
But now we are friends again but I will never  tell     her a secret  again  in my whole life.
Dear Sir or Madam
I am  writing  to complain  because  I  was  really disappointed  by  your musical show ,  which is " Over the Rainbow " ,     last week. I  could compare between  the advertising of  the  musical and  the  actual musical show last week.
First of all, the advertising  shown us starring, which is  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove . However , when I  saw  it,  the musical starred  completely  different  actors .  I  was  really disappointed about it.
 Secondly , the advertising  states     the musical  starts   at  14.30 and 19:30, but the musical started  at  20:15 . That's  45  minutes  late, and also    I asked   for a  discount ticket  (in*/at)  the ticket counter, but  no discount tickets were available .
Finally, your theatre restaurant was closed after  the  show,  it is because I saw it was opened at break time for musical, but afterwards, the people of staff for restaurant were closing .
Now then,  how was this advertising, it was completely  different   .  I am really disappointed  with  your musical .  I am  asking  you for  my  money back, because I  didn't   enjoy  your musical.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  Faithfully,
  
I am  writing   a  composition about "How  modern technology has  changed your daily life" . This  is our  subject .  All at the technology developed about every day , not all of  it , but still a lot of modern technology  has changed  our daily life.
First of all, I  think  more than half  the  population of  Britain  has  a  "mobile phone" . They   are  small and compact, much lighter than  a  home telephone, and one of the biggest  advantages  is you can carry it, so that  it   is  easy to contact your friend or someone  who other, even  they can  easily   contact  you as well, so you can phone anytime you  want , whenever you  want .
 Secondly ,  Personal Computer (PC), these "Desk Top" and "Lap Top" computers developed each year  . However ,  the  most important thing is  the  "Internet" .   Mobile phone could easy to contact anyone in your country,   the  "Internet"  it is  easy to contact  people   worldwide  . You  can send E-mail anytime, anywhere you  want  . It  is  the  most popular thing  in   the whole  world.
  This  modern  technology   gets  closer between person to another person, get close between worldwide, so that,  this  modern technology changed our daily life so  different  .
  .
Dear Sir/Madam , 
My name is Veronika.    I visited your theatre to see a musical show ,  "Over the Rainbow". I am writing to you to say that it was a very disappointing evening.    I'll try to explain why.
First of all, there were    different actors in  the  show, but you didn't say anything about it before the show.
The other point was the beginning of the show. It started at 20:15, but it was said that it  would start  at 19:30. As a result ,  I missed my train.
The third problem was the discounts. There were no  ay   discounts  at all. But I am a student and I know that I can get tickets with  a  discount.
And the last disappointment was your restaurant . After  the show  it  was closed because of the lack of  staff  . 
Of course I want to get my money back, but I know that I will never get it. So  in     conclusion I want to give you one piece of advice - try to organise your shows more carefully.
With    best wishes
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
We know that everything is changing. And of course    technology is also changing. Not so long ago we had to do many things by    hand, but now there  are  a lot of machines to do the same. And it makes our life easier. Now we have free time to do  something  else   while  the  machine is doing our work.  It's connected with  our house, our workplace     etc .
For example,  before  ,  I used to wash my clothes by hand, but now I have the  latest  version of  washing machine  and now there are no    reasons to do it by hand.  Before  ,  it took me 3 hours, but now it is    free time and I can go for a walk with my friends.
Another example is that  before  we had to rewrite some documents by hand just to make a copy. Now we have a scanner and a printer to do it. And it takes  about  1 minute to make a copy    not 1 hour.
So, I think that modern technology gives us a lot of opportunities to do the  things that are really important in our lives .
Mr. Jones:
I write this letter to  inform  you about the bad experience I had last week  (in*/at)  one of the shows your are  putting on .
I  received  a  paper   in which  I was told about a play you are  putting on  and of the advantages I would  get  if I  went  to see it .   I   wish  that  had never happened . I am  really   disappointed , and I want to have my money back.
First of all,  (in*/on)  the sheet I  received , it says that DANNY BROOK was one of the  actors  . That  is not true, because  instead  of him, there was another actor,  and  I don't know  what  his name is.
Second, it says that the play would start at 19:30, and it  actually  started at 20:15.
Third, I was told that I  could   get   a  discount, and when I was buying my ticket   the lady in the  kiosk  told me that that discount  didn't  exist. After that, when the show was finished, I was going to the theatre restaurant, and a man that works there told me that it was closed, and he  didn't  want to give me  a   reason .
You  must understand  that you  promised  me  I'd  have a good evening and I  really   didn't    .
So I suggest   you give me my money back, or I  will  go to the police, because you  lied  to me and you know what  that  means.
thank you.
Cry Freedom - John Briley
Dear Anna:
I write this letter to tell you about the  programme  that  starts tomorrow , about that  excellent  book I have told you to read.
This  excellent  book tells the story of a man of 25 years that  has  a little boy, his son, that lives in  a  very bad   condition  . The story shows you the life that many people have to deal  with  every day.  It shows  you how they  face  it and what  life is , real life.
The book is very easy to read, but if you don't have time I  recommend   listening   to  the  programme . I have been told that they will interview a lot of people  of different part  that have read the book, and  who will   talk   about  their experience. Also, that they  will  invite  a   psychologist , the  author  of the book and  maybe  the president  will  talk so I recommend you  listen to  it.
I hope you listen to it, because I  think  that if you want to become  an  M.P., it will teach you a lot of  things , and you  will  learn more about  English  reality.
your friend for ever.
Monday, the 5th of June 2000
To the Circle Theatre's manager
Dear  Sir ,
I recently had the opportunity to see "over the rainbow" ,  which was  performed  last week in the Circle theatre.
I'm writing to you because I'm very disappointed by the bad evening I  had  there. Actually, I read the  advertisement  for the show and there were a few mistakes  (on*/in)  it.
In fact, Danny Brook didn't  perform  or appear on stage last Tuesday,  his  role was played by another - a quite bad - actor, less famous than Danny Brook.
I'm also  annoyed  because I had to wait 45  minutes  before the  play  started. I can't accept waiting so long for the result I had. I was in London with some friends (we  are  students) and no discount was  offered  or  given   (for*/to)  us. We had to pay £15 each     to see  a miserable  play .
After the  play , we  wanted  to eat at the  theatre  restaurant but we couldn't. It was apparently closed and I'm asking you why.
As you can see, there are some ( deliberate ?) mistakes  (on*/in)  the  advertisement  you made. We didn't have a "perfect evening out" at all. That's why I'm asking you     to give  us  our  money back.
I'm sure we'll find a compromise and I'm really looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
An unusual part of life.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, and half a week later, all the school knew about me.
I had a strange feeling then because it was just amazing to  see  how money can attract so  many  people.
I started to have a lot of new friends, they all wanted to be my best friend.
Actually,  Pat would still remain my best friend , even if he failed me. It's not easy to keep such an enormous secret and I couldn't keep it inside    me.
I  quickly became  bored by this  hypocritical  attention they  gave  me. They didn't stop giving me advice or telling me what to do with my money. I always  have  been involved in many  different  associations, which are fighting against AIDS or cancer. I knew at this moment  exactly what to do  and ,  finally, I could  recover  my ordinary life as an unpopular student.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Now all the town  knows  my secret. This is a very  embarrassing  situation. I have to leave this town. My god, I never should have told my sister this secret.
This story started when I arrived  (to*/in)  this town with  my  family. We  came  here to build our own house because my father had been fired and we had to sell our house in Buenos Aires. My mother suggested  coming  here because one of her brothers was established here and he could help us.
I hadn't  met  all of  the family  (my uncle, my aunt and my beautiful cousin)  before  that day. My uncle, called Paul,  invited  us to stay with his family  until  we  had   built  our house.
 Coincidentally  my cousin  was  the same age as me, sixteen, that's the reason    we started  our  friendly relationship. We  spent  all  our  time together. This "friendly" relationship was starting to  get  hot. I  had  never had a boyfriend and I  fell  in love with him. One day in the <unknown/>, he kissed me. It was wonderful. I felt that I had discovered  other ways . In fact, I  had . We made love... But one month later, something surprised me, I was pregnant.
Dear   Sir/Madam
I am Writing this letter to  express  my dissatisfaction  (of*/with)  your  show .
Last week I was on holiday and I went to The Circle Theatre to see  Over The Rainbow  , the  musical. I was really looking forward to seeing it, because I like  musicals  and also I like Danny Brook. However, the  leading  actor was not him! Of course, I was so disappointed. The actor was not famous for his acting.
Also the musical did not start on time . It  was  thirty minutes late . We just sat on  our   seats   with  nothing to do.
I was going to a restaurant with my friends after the musical, but the musical finished at ten thirty. It was too late and we could not have    dinner. If the musical had started on time, we could have eaten in the restaurant.
 Furthermore ,  no discounts were available  , even  though we had a student card. In the advertisement they said that  ticket  discounts  were  available. I think it  is  a  bombastic . Anyway I was so  unhappy . It was not  a  marvellous evening. Could you  return  my money please? You have  a   responsibility   (for*/to)  the audiences.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
My life  has  been changed by technological  advances . Nowadays , we  have so many technological things. For instance, TV, computers,  telephones ,  air conditioners . These things are very  convenient  ;  on the other hand, there  are  lots of  disadvantages .
I have my own TV in my room and I enjoy watching TV  every day . However, I need balance. If I watch TV too much I might not speak to my family  very  often.  It will lack of communication . In addition, it is difficult  to turn  it off. I think I should cut down  on  watching TV. Sometimes it  is a  waste of time.
What about computers?  They   are  very useful too. I am living in London, but my father lives in Taiwan and my mother lives in Tokyo.
I sometimes want to hear their voice on the telephone.  Unfortunately  it is not so cheap. If I use e-mail  it is  much easier and cheaper. And I can send e-mail anytime.
If I  were  addicted  (on*/to)   the   Internet , it  would  be  a  problem. I do not want to spend much time  (with*/on)  computers.
In conclusion ,  people ,   including  me ,  need balance. We must be good at using computers.
Dear Mr Smith,
I went to London last week for business and ,  loving  theatre very much  ,  I had promised my friend to  give  her, after work, a very good evening  (with*/at)  your musical show: "Over the Rainbow".
I had read     that it  was a very enjoyable show! What a surprise!
Your advertisement was a quite lie and I have to tell you  about  my disappointment. Every  statement   was  wrong. (I wondered if it was a fake!)
 First ,    your advert  led me to expect  Danny Brook (who is a very good singer I appreciate very much)  but he  was not  there . An unknown  actor  was singing, not in  tune  - awful for my ears - (poor Tina Truelove! such a professional singer with a beginner!)
 Second , to go on  describing  the beginning, your show started not at 19.30 but nearly one hour later (20.15 to be more precise!)
And for the third point, I     had hoped  to  give  a good  dinner  to my friend because I knew your restaurant  was  a famous place but I was  again  disappointed. It was closed for     renovation !
I hope you will understand  why  my evening was detestable and you will give me back my money.
I  attach   to  this letter my two tickets.
I am looking forward to hearing from you
Best wishes
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets!
 Poor me , I thought it was nice to have a friend and to be able to share lots of things!
I was very young when this story happened but though it was a child's adventure I remember it  still . I was just thirteen years old!
I had read a very good book about pirates and I know I  have  a very creative imagination.  To make to profit my ideas  my parents lived in a small village near    wonderful  countryside .
Like my  heroes  ,  I would  have liked  to live in a ship and decided to build something in a tree. The highest tree near a river I have ever seen.  A peaceful  place  with a  wonderful view.
With my friend Pat ( I took him into my confidence ) I started to work and my idea became real.
It was our fortress and every day we could improve it. The tree was our ship and the river the sea. We could play  for  hours and hours without seeing an adult or  any  other children from the village. I  liked  it. It was our secret ,  Pat and I.  A child's  secret.
But Pat could not keep it  very  long. He had a fault: he talked a lot and told  another  friend our  secret . What a  catastrophe ! All  the  children  left     the village and wanted to play with us. I accepted them but I was very angry  (against*/with)  Pat. Our  peace  disappeared and very  soon  everybody wanted to command my ship. A  disaster !
There  were  lots of fights between us and we were naughty like  children   can  be with other  children .
The result was my ship was destroyed and never  again   could I  trust in any friend!
17, June 2000
The manager
The Circle Theatre
Sir, I returned very unhappy from my holidays. The reason is that the musical show that I had seen with my wife, first of all, started late. We bought tickets for the second show,  which  was at 19.30 and it started at 20:15! We were interested  (on*/in)   seeing  the actors that  appeared  on the tickets and I was very disappointed when, in the show, we saw  other  actors. The tickets were more expensive than we had expected, but we didn't care because we saw  (in*/on)  the tickets that  there   would  be discounts  given , but, they didn't  give  us discounts! With all  these  problems, the only thing that  kept us going    was  the thought of   eating  something. When the show finished we went to the theatre restaurant and it was closed because  the staff  didn't  go  to work that day.
So it was the  worst  evening that I had ever  had . I  ask  you to consider all my reasons and  to return  my money .  I think  that  is the only thing you can do.
Thank you for your  understanding 
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
It was  Saturday  night, and I was   with my sister Pat alone in my home. That night I was invited to a great party, but I  was being punished , and I had to  stay  at home with my sister. My parents were  away  for the weekend. When it was time to go to the party I decided to escape    without telling my sister . Unfortunately  when I  returned  she was waiting  for  me in my room. When I  entered  my room she was very happy, because my father  would   punish  me again . Of course , she  would  tell him, but I decided to pay her if she  stayed   quiet  . She  accepted and I  paid  her a lot of money.
 (At*/On)   Sunday  night, when my parents arrived, they asked her if I had stayed at home on  Saturday  . My  sister  stayed   silent  for a minute and then started laughing; so my parents, with her laugh,  knew  that I had  gone  out that Saturday; and punished me for a year.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I have just returned from my holiday in London. During my stay I went to see a musical show  (in*/at)  the Circle Theatre and I  had   a  very disappointing evening.
Firstly ,  I expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but I felt very angry when I saw  different  actors. What is more ,  you  advertised  there were discounts available but  there  were not.
You said that the  musical  show started at 19.30 but  recently  it began at 20.15. I was very bored because I did not have anything to do when I was waiting for your show.
Additionally I felt very hungry and uncomfortable because your theatre restaurant was closed and you did not give us any reason why.
You promised us a big show and  a  perfect evening but it was only an average show with unknown actors.
In my opinion ,  you are not very  respectful  and responsible. I will never trust you again. I would like you  to give  me my money back as soon as possible.
I am looking  forward  to hearing from you.
 Yours  faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. As I remember ,  I have known her for ever. She had always been my best friend and I had  told  her everything. We lived in the same street and  we spent the weekends together .
When I  was  16 years old I fell in love with the most  handsome  boy in our school. Paul was older than me and he  played  basketball. Only Pat knew about my lover.
One day he invited us  (for*/to)  his party. I was very happy and nervous. Everything was great. But when Pat drank some beer she told him everything about me. Everybody started to  laugh  at me. I was angry and I  ran  away to the forest.
'She was my best friend, how can she do it to me ? ' - - I was crying. When I was walking through the forest I saw a very tall man who was  standing  in front of me. 'My name is Jon' - he whispered - 'Don't be afraid'. We started to talk. This  stranger  was so intelligent and funny that I forgot about my troubles. We talked    all night and I  fell  in love with him. We met again and again and now Jon is my husband. Maybe it was good that Pat was so talkative.
Dear Sir or Madam,
Last month I went to the theatre with my husband to see OVER THE RAINBOW. I'm sorry, but I had a very unpleasant evening.
First of all, the play started 45 minutes  late . I felt so angry about that. And discounts were not available (nobody explained the reason  why ).
Secondly, the actor wasn't Danny Brook. I wanted to see him! He is a good actor but I saw a very bad one.
And we couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed.
Such a bad night!
I'm sure you will  understand  the reasons why I want my money back. If you  can't  do that, we will accept  tickets  to go to another play.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. And Lorca knew it. But Pat was in  the wrong place at the wrong time .  It's  a story of a crime of passion. Let me explain it.
In 1874 Lorca was the most beautiful white girl in her city (a small town near Savannah). Her family was very rich and a lot of men wanted to marry to her.
But she was in love with a black man, called Jim. And Pat, the maid, saw them in the river. She couldn't keep the secret and told everything to another maid. In  a  few hours everyone knew it.  Poor  lovers!
When Jim's wife knew    she  got  a gun and killed her husband. Then, she cried and cried ,  holding him. (If she hadn't  done  it, Lorca's father would  have   done  the same).
It was a shock for Lorca. She jumped into the river and killed herself two days  later .
Pat and Jim's wife lived with the  guilt  all their long lives. How could they forget it?
London, June 17th
Dear Sir,
I'm writing to you to make  a   complaint   (for*/about)  the very disappointing evening I had at the Circle Theatre.
Firstly, I found that there were no discounts as     were   published  in the advertisement.
Then, I not only had to wait 45 minutes more than    expected for the beginning of the show but I realised that the main actor had been replaced by another  (very bad) one  as well. Of course I must tell you that the  main  reason for my going to see the show was Danny Brook's presence.
Finally, after the show, I went to the theatre restaurant  only  to find that it was closed and the friend I had asked to meet me there was not waiting for me. As if that was not enough ,  he thought I had been kidding, inviting him to a closed restaurant where I didn't  show up .
Those  are  the reasons for my asking  for  a refund of the £20 I paid.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
yours faithfully
Every day we  discover  new devices that promise    to satisfy our needs. I usually don't buy a lot of them but I must  admit  that some of them are useful.
I can't remember waking up  without  the alarm-clock, making a hand-made orange juice or heating water for the coffee. Therefore, I have more spare time to enjoy the one  thing  I consider  to be  the most important influence technology  has had   (in*/on)  my life: the computer and Internet.
The  advance  of electronics and global communications has made it possible to know places, look for information or even keep  in  close contact with friends all over the world.
Now, I will never  again say  that I don't know where  I can  find some information about this or that and when on  holiday  or every time I make a new friend, I just ask for  an   e-mail   address  and that's enough to know we will know about each other soon.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about your advertisement which  gave  me wrong information. While I had a holiday in London I went to your theatre to see "Over The Rainbow", but I had a very disappointing evening.
Firstly, I am a fan of Danny Brook so your advert attracted me but when I went there a different actor was in the musical show instead of him. I was so disappointed.
Secondly, your timetable was wrong. It said the show started at 14.30 but, actually, it started at 20.15 so we had to wait for about six hours.
Thirdly, I saw "Discount Available" on your advert but your  staff  said it was just for Mondays. Your advert made me  misunderstand .
Finally, we visited your theatre restaurant after the show. However, it  was  closed because it was being decorated.
Your advert promised me  a  "Perfect evening out", but it was  a  terrible evening  (to*/for)  me. So I want you to give me a refund.
Looking forward to hearing from you soon
Yours faithfully,
Ko Hyu Tung
How has  modern  technology changed my daily life?
When I was young, I used to play sports such as football, basketball and tennis with my friends but, these days, I am getting used to sitting in front of the computer and watching TV.
When I bought my computer, I wasn't interested in it but when I started studying     the   Internet  and playing games, I found it interesting. Sometimes, I think I am a computer addict because whenever I come back home, my hand  goes  to  the  computer  switch ,  automatically , even though I don't want to use the computer. I usually spend my time on playing computer  games  about three hours a day.
After that, I go to the sofa     to watch  TV. Although there aren't programmes which are interesting, I just watch TV, so my mother calls me "Couch Potato".
As a result, my health is getting worse. I know I need to excercise but it is difficult for me to start.
Modern technology has changed my daily life from physical activity to mental activity (??)
Dear Mr. Smith:
I am  writing  in order to complain about the musical show "Over the rainbow".
 First , the advertisement said that the show was starring    Tina Truelove and Danny Brook . That  was not true .  Danny Brook did not act in the show,  there  was a different actor and I  was  disappointed with him.
 Regarding  the times  of the performance , the show was supposed to start at 19.30 and it started at 20.15 . Nobody  likes to wait 45 minutes just watching empty  scenery .
Another thing, the tickets. The advertisement said that there were discounts available . That  was false, there  was  not any kind of  discount .
After all  that  I just wanted to go to the  theatre restaurant  and have something to eat, but it was closed because the police had closed it. They had closed it because they had found the food in  a  bad  condition .
Just to finish, the advertisement said that the show would be a perfect evening out, let me tell  you  that it  was  not. I paid  for  a  full-price  ticket without  discount  to wait 45 minutes, to see a musical show with a bad actor and after all  that  could not have a sandwich because the restaurant was closed. I think the theatre should give me my money back and I hope you do   .
Yours faithfully.
Technology.
 Technology  has changed, is changing and it will change our daily  lives . Technology is improving every day, soon everything will be done by a machine. Now we can cook in  an  easier way than ten years  ago , we can talk with somebody who is 10000 kilometres from us and we can know what's happening in  another  part of the world.
Another thing  that  is changing our  lives  is the computer, especially  the  Internet. More and more people are connecting  (through*/to)  the net. Soon we won't need to  leave     our homes. Now we can buy everything  via   the  Internet, we can see what's happening  (in*/on)  Wall Street, we can send mail in  an  easier way, by e-mail ,  and many people  have  started to work at home  (by*/with)  their computers.
Technology has changed  our daily lives so much  that we won't be able to live without it. Nobody can imagine  living  without a  TV , a computer, a microwave, a telephone.
There are machines for everything,  writing ,  cooking ,  going  from one place to  another ,  talking  with somebody who is not with you.
Our  lives  are very different from our  grandparents'   lives  and that's because  of     technology.
 Dear Sir/Madam ,
During my visit to London, I had the opportunity to visit the Circle Theatre and to see 'Over the Rainbow'. To my dismay the musical was nothing compared to what I had expected, as it completely contradicted    the advertisement.
Firstly, despite the advertisement stating that Danny Brook was starring, another actor  starred  in the actual show and his performance was  absolutely  horrible, and disappointing.
Secondly the  start  of the show was far from punctual.  According to the advertisement, the show which I had gone to  was supposed to begin at 19:30, but the show did not start until 20:15.
In the advertisement, it said that discounts were available. Despite this the ticket vendors explicitly told me that there were no discounts to be  offered .
According to the advertisement, the audience were free to go to the theatre restaurant after the show. However ,  by the time the show had ended the restaurant was closed.
I was further humiliated by the irony of the advertisement ,   which   stated  that it would be my 'perfect evening out', when it was  quite  the opposite.
I hope you understand my disappointment. In addition,  by way of compensation , I would like to have a refund, and  an   explanation  for  such a show .
Yours  Faithfully ,
How has modern technology  changed  your daily life?
During these past few decades, or rather    in  the 20th century, there has been a  great deal of   development  in modern technology.
One of the essential  developments   has been   in   our   means  of transportation. The invention of cars ,  planes, trains and other similar forms of transportation  has  enabled us to go from one place to another  in no time . This enables us to save  a  great deal of time and effort. Quite recently, in my country  electric  bicycles have been invented. This ,  compared to the traditional bicycle ,  is less physically  demanding  and less  time-consuming  and therefore lets me travel to my destination  quickly  with hardly  any  effort at all. This has made my life easier. On the other hand, I feel as though I am becoming lazier and exercising less.
Another significant technological  development  is the  invention  of electrical appliances. There are many indispensable electrical appliances ,  such as television, radio, fax machines, and microwaves. What changed my life most  are  portal computers. They are particularly useful for someone like me who  often travels . Before I used computers  generally ,  it  took so much time for me to  look  up words in a dictionary and  look  up    information. With a computer ,  however, all this is done in  a  matter of seconds. This again enables people to save time.
 Modern  technology helps people in many ways and is  indispensable . However ,  if we rely on it too much, we could become lazy and apathetic and ,  as a result,  will  not be able to live without  it  once  it   is  gone.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical    "Over the Rainbow",  which  I went to see on the 16th of June.
Firstly, the actor  was supposed  to be Danny Brook, but he was not, it was another actor, who I have never seen before, so, as you can  imagine , I was very disappointed.
Another  complaint  is about the time that the    show started . The  advertisement said it started at 19:30, but it did not . We  had to wait 45 minutes. It was terrible.
Now, about the tickets,  there  were different prices but there were  no  discounts, and because of this, many people could not see the show, especially students.
Finally, when the    show finished, and I have to say, a bit late, I went to the theatre's restaurant to eat something but this place was closed because the chef had already gone.
 As   I   have   explained  ,  it was not the perfect evening that I expected to have and I would like to have my money back  for  the reasons that I mentioned  above .
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Pat, Maria's best friend
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, so Maria was very disappointed when she realised that Manuel knew the truth about the feelings that Maria had for him, in fact, she was so angry she  could  almost kill ,  but, she couldn't because Pat was her best friend.
Maria talked to Pat about the stupid thing that she  had done , but Pat refused to  apologise  to her, because she felt it wasn't a mistake and she did it for only one reason:  to help  Maria to get the man that she loved. Maria was speechless, it was the first time that she didn't know what to do, so she decided to stop talking to Pat.
After 3 weeks, Maria got ill so she was not  able  to go to school.  All   her  friends phoned her  every day , except Pat, the only friend that Maria really loved . Despite  that, she was not sad. One day, when Maria was  sitting  in her bedroom, someone  knocked   on  the door . It  was Manuel . He  was worried  (for*/about)  her. Maria was nervous, but ,  for the first time, she could talk to him as she never  had  before, and at the end of the day, she was the happiest person  (of*/in)  the world . She   had  her first kiss and she had Pat's friendship back ;  after all, everything happened because of her.
Dear Sir or Madam.
A few days ago I went to your theatre to see a musical show. Unfortunately I was very disappointed with it ;  I was  expecting   the   opposite .
First of all ,  the advertisement where you  advertised  your  show  and what the theatre  provides     is  totally  wrong.
 I  came to  see  my  favourite  actors Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but  the actors  whom I saw were  other  people. Another thing is that I took a particular amount of money to buy    tickets and when I  appeared   in front  of  the   ticket desk  I found out that the cost of  the  tickets  (on*/in)  your advertisement and  the  real price  weren't  the same,  the  real price was much higher. Also  the  show started very late  compared  to what was  written   (on*/in)  the advertisement. And I think you know how it is just  sitting  and  waiting  for  45 minutes   before  the  beginning ?
So, after all of that, I wanted to have a nice relaxing  dinner  in your restaurant .  I was very angry when I  appeared   in front  of closed doors and there was a notice   that the restaurant wasn't  open .
In fact  I am  writing to you  with just  one main  aim . I'll be really  delighted  to  receive   the money back  for my ticket.
I'm looking  forward   to  hearing from you.
 Faithfully  yours
Lena Jarova
Begin at the  beginning . Look at  the   history  books  for  400-600 years ago, or even  (in*/for)   the  time of  the  First and Second World  Wars ,  to see  how     society   has changed , just because we     stepped  up    the  advance of  science and technology.
 On the one hand   scientists   have discovered  a lot of  medicines   (from*/for)  different  illnesses , but  on the other hand  they discovered many  illnesses   which we hadn't heard about  before. I think this  side of the question is balanced  because before  the  effect on our health was less than it is now. More and more people  die  from some  illnesses   whereas   a  long time ago  fewer  people died from  the same   illnesses ,  despite   the  fact that they had  fewer   medicines .
However ,  technology  nowadays   has improved  so much and it  has changed  our  lives  a lot. Today we can't even think how we could possibly  live  without computers or without  aeroplanes .  The computer     is our way of  communicating with the outside world ,  whereas  with  aeroplanes  we can  reach  our parents  and  friends easily and much faster    than   we would if   we   used   boats  or trains.  Every day   scientists  and  technologists  discover and produce more and more new things and  that  is good . It  has to be like that, we have to  go   forward  not  backward  from the point where we are now.
Society has to go  forward  not to stop  (on*/in)  one place.
Madrid, 17 - June - 2000 Dear SIR/MADAM, My name is ....I  work  as an actor for The Spanish Royal Theatre. I  spent  the  whole   of  last week in London with one of my colleagues. Sunday night we went to your theatre. We thought that going to the musical show "Over The Rainbow"  would be  (as you say in your advertisement) the perfect evening out and the perfect end  (of*/to)  our stay in your city. But from the beginning we  had  a lot of problems. Despite     being  actors we had to pay  for  a  full-price  ticket because the discounts you promise are not available on Sundays. We tried to complain but the girl at the  ticket  desk was very  impolite . However, we decided to  go   (into*/to)  the show. Danny Brook is a good friend of mine and our  intention  was to give him a surprise. You can imagine  what   our faces were like  when we saw that it was not Danny, but Peter Fox, who was on the stage. Nevertheless we decided to stay    till the end of the show and to  have  dinner in your restaurant, where we were supposed to meet some friends; friends that we never met because your restaurant was closed when we got out. I am sure that the restaurant closed at its  closing time  but you have to remember that the show began 45 minutes late.  As you can see  it was not our "perfect evening out" at all. I was really disappointed. I realize that managing a theatre is    hard work but I have to ask you  for  the money  (of*/for)  the tickets back. Next time it would be a good idea to put the possible changes  (on*/in)  the advertisement, before the  start  of the show. I am waiting  for  your answer,
HOW HAS MODERN TECHNOLOGY CHANGED YOUR DAILY LIFE?
My composition is going to focus  on  two main ideas: how    modern technology has changed my home life and how it affects my personal and professional life.
Technology makes  housework easier . I can't imagine how my life would be without a washing machine, a drier or a fridge. During the winter, when it is raining, you can have your clothes dry in less  than  thirty minutes. That's fantastic.
Technology has also been a great help in my everyday work. I am thinking mostly  (on*/of)  computers. Being a journalist I have to write lots of pages every day. The computer allows me to change my ideas without any effort and to store a  large  amount of information in the minimum space.
Also, the e-mail system is really  helpful . Thanks to the  invention  of  the  Internet I can contact lots of colleagues all around the world  every day  (and with the minimum cost). But,  in my opinion , the best thing is that I can stay at home or  go  on  holiday , and send my work to the office  every day .
I would like to  have  some  information  about the advertisement  (of*/for)  the show.
First of all, why  did  the show  begin  at 20:15, not at 19:30 as indicated in the advertisement. I waited  almost  one hour to see the show, and what happened with the actor? I came to that show only     to see  him and when the actor  appeared , it was another one. There is more! Where were the discounts that I should have  had ? I was very disappointed with that! After the show my  son  wanted to eat some biscuits and when I  saw  the restaurant closed, I gave up .  I told    my  son  that we'll never come back here again.
The restaurant was closed because there wasn't  any  electricity . You  should close the theatre  until  the restaurant  can   be   used . I was  totally  unsatisfied with the theatre and I would like to have my money back if  that's  possible.
I thank you for  reading  my letter .  I hope you write  back to me , and don't forget my money!
I am writing what I think  the  kind of clothes  people will  wear 100 years from now  will be like .
As we see ,  the  fashions  are changing every hour. People  are  inventing new kinds of clothes and people  are  buying and wearing  different  clothes. It is difficult to say how people will be wearing clothes 100 years from now.
In each country, each people  wears   different  kinds of clothes,  for example , people in Brazil wear shorts, T-shirts or  go  without them ;  in Saudi Arabian they wear strange clothes, if you analyse  them   from  the point of view  of someone  who doesn't live in Saudi Arabia. I'm quite sure that people    all  around   the  world will be wearing very  different  clothes in the future because  people ,  especially  women,  who  like to be very elegant and beautiful ,  will create and invent all kinds of clothes  to anybody and that's it .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to make a  complaint  about your theatre and the musical show  " Over the  Rainbow ".
Firstly, in your advertisement  you   said  that Danny Brook has a part in the show, but there was a different actor in the play. This fact disappointed me a lot. Secondly,  it   said  in the advertisement   that the show begins at 19.30, however, it started at 20.15.
According to the advertisement, discounts should  have been  available   but, in fact, I was refused  a discount . It was very   uncomfortable   for me. In addition to this, your theatre restaurant was closed because it was too late (the show did not start on time). Everybody   who came to  its  doors   had to go to the other restaurant in  a  bad mood. I could have  understood  this if the musical show had been marvellous, but it was not even quite interesting.
Furthermore, I would like you to return my money. You promised me  a  perfect evening out, but it was one of the most terrible in my life.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She was  a   25-year-old  secretary in  a  big company. Her boss was  a  rich man, really rich. His name was Timson White. He was one of the most famous  people  in  the  city, but he wasn't honest with his clients. Pat had worked for him for two years. Certainly she knew a lot of secrets. One of them was about her  boss's  private life: he had     an   illegitimate  son.
Timson's wife, who was  good-looking  and young, couldn't know about this, but one beautiful day she asked him how his son was and where he was at that moment. Timson was really shocked! He  couldn't even  say a word. He tried to  think  who could  have told  his wife   . Of course, only one person  knew  this  apart from  his best friends. This was his secretary Pat, however, he couldn't be sure and decided to check    up.
 The next  day ,  he understood that he was right. Timson had a row at home and also needed  a  new secretary. It was the worst  weekend   (in*/of)   the  last few years. On the other hand, now everything is  OK . Timson has a good close family, his son lives with them, his company  is making  a good profit... Only Pat has problems, she  should earn her living in other company again !
Dear Mr Jones,
I'm  writing  this letter to inform you about the disappointing evening I had when I visited the Circle  Theatre .
Firstly ,   in  the advertisement you said that the actor would be Danny Brook but there was a different actor in the show and I was really disappointed   because I was really looking forward to seeing Danny Brook ,   whom  I personally admire.
Secondly the play didn't start at 19:30 as we were  told  but it started  (with*/after)  a delay of 45 minutes. Also when I visited the theatre's restaurant I found it closed  for  renovation.
Finally there were no discounts available  (in*/on)  the tickets. All the above made my night terribly disappointing and I must say that the advertisement is nothing but a business fraud, so I'm in the unpleasant position  of   asking   for  my money back. I'm looking forward to your reply . 
Yours sincerely
Mrs Lemmings  
Technology is an essential part  (in*/of)  people's  lives . It's something  absolutely  necessary for every action people  perform  .  It  affects  us both  positively  and  negatively . It's a part of our  lives . Firstly technology has created a bond between myself and my computer.  I've got  used to spending 2-3 hours in front of the computer. My relationship with my family and friends doesn't even exist. I've  ended  up being a  TV  addict . 
Also the need     to do  simple things as a family is no longer  felt . Why  go  to the countryside if you can sit there with a bowl of  popcorn  and watch  TV  ? 
Despite the negative effects, technology can  affect   a person's life in a positive way .  Air conditioning , watches, computers, and many other things have made my life easier. There's no need     to go  to the shops when I can order things  (by*/on)  the computer.  Air conditioning  also makes my life easier . 
In  conclusion  ,  technology has made my life easier but it's also an  intrusion  in my life ,   creating  a distance between myself and my family. In my opinion technology is the  least  thing I could use in my life.
Dear Sir,
Re: The Musical Show Presented by the Circle Theatre
 With reference to  the advertisement published in the New Strait Times newspaper on the 22nd of MAY 2000, I, as a  customer , who is a  musical-show   addict  and a great  fan  of Danny Brook, who  was  said to be  starring  in the show, would like to complain about the presentation.
1. First of all, I was really furious  (of*/about)  watching a show starring    a different actor, instead of Danny Brook ,  whose name was  given   (on*/in)  the advertisement. Besides this, the show started almost 45 minutes later than    it was  meant  to  start .
2.  The  price  of the ticket was said that there would be discounts available . However, I was  very  disappointed when I was told that there were not any discounts for the show.
3. I also found out that the theatre restaurant was not  open  after the show due to  the shortage of food sold . I was really hungry after the show and was  very unhappy .
 Considering  all the above points, I would like to ask for some money  back . I  will  consider  taking  this  complaint  to    court if I do not receive  an   acceptable   explanation  from the theatre. Thank You.
 Yours  faithfully,
Fashion is one of the most popular topics people discuss  about in the past, now and also in the future .
However, things  are   recycled  from time to time.  So do the objective of wearing clothes . I  imagine  that   people in the future, for example 100 years from now, will wear clothes for protection like people did in the past.  People  in the past  wore  clothes to protect themselves from the cold air, hot weather and strong wind. On the other hand,    people in the future will  probably  wear clothes to protect themselves from the polluted air and water, the harmful ultra-violet rays from the sun and all the dangerous and poisonous gases or chemicals which  are   the   product  of a developed and  full-grown  country.
I think people in the future will  probably   wear  helmets with  oxygen gas well provided . It is because of the increasing  size  of  the  population and the shortage of    oxygen gas in the atmosphere. They will also wear water-proof,  ultra-violet-proof  and other  dangerous-liquid-proof  clothes to protect themselves .  These clothes have to be made of something light,  comfortable  to wear and protective. All the above ideas are needed to  make them  bear  no burden  when wearing these  specially  designed clothes.
The future is  the  hope and  the  dream for everyone  (in*/on)  the earth. Therefore, I will suggest that we all  nov  to keep the  environment  clean and healthy for the next generation.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir,
Last week, I was on holiday in London, and  having read  the advertisement for your musical show, I had planned ( as  it    said) "a perfect evening out".
But  as  it turned out, it really wasn't a pleasant evening, and I didn't enjoy myself. On top of this, the advertisement wasn't  right  at all, or I must have been to the wrong show!
According to the advertisement, the show should have started at 19.30, but it didn't begin before 20.15. That's nearly an hour  late ! The tickets were rather expensive, and the discounts  mentioned  in the advertisement weren't at all available at the theatre. They had never heard of such a thing!
The actors were not the ones expected: there was no sign of Danny Brook, and the person who played his part was very disappointing.
I was a little hungry after the show,  but then again , I had to find another restaurant since the theatre restaurant was closed with no further information  given .
In conclusion, I wasn't at all satisfied, and I would like my money back since the show wasn't worth it.
Yours sincerely
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets..
But I found out afterwards and it was too late.
Pat was my friend, I trusted her and we got on very well  until  she  repeated  to everyone the secret I had told her. There was only one thing I didn't like  (with*/about)  her: she  would  do anything to have friends, even betray me.
No one knew apart from me and my mother. I kept lying when somebody asked where my dad was. "He's travelling around the world , " I would say, and everyone would admire him. But  I   knew  Pat knew, and because of her, so did everyone else: he was in prison because he had killed a man.
Since everyone knew the truth, things weren't the same. Everyone, even my friends, looked at me in a strange kind of way. As if I was guilty. What did I have to do with this? I wasn't the one who had killed the man, but it seemed people didn't want to talk to me anymore.
I  know , now, why I wanted to hide the truth.
Dear Sir or Madam,
A few weeks ago, I went to London, and I decided to go to the theatre and see a musical   , called "Over the Rainbow."
I'm very  sorry  to tell you that I had a very disappointing evening.
First, I got there at 7:00 pm, because the show was about to start at 7:30 pm, and I  needed  some time to  buy  the tickets .  I  bought  two tickets  (of*/for)  £20 and when I  asked  for a discount, they didn't  give me one , then I  was kept  waiting for the show to start  until  8:15 pm.
Then when the show finally started I  was  very disappointed because   I really wanted to see Danny Brook, but instead of him there was  another  actor.
 Later  when the show finished, I  planned  to go to the  restaurant  and get some food, but  it  was  closed , because it was being repaired.
I  would  be very  grateful  if your could return  to  me half or some of my money, or even  make  the  corresponding discount .
 Yours  faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, every time I  tell her something ,  eventually  everyone  knows  about it. But this time it was something more important  than  any other time. I was in love with a friend's boyfriend and we were about to have an affair, but when I made the big mistake of telling  my  little and terrible secret to Pat,  everything  started going wrong .  Katrin ,  my friend, and the one I was being bad  (with*/to) , was very upset with me, and she was right, but I really  didn't  know what to do .  I was in love with Brett, but I  loved  my friend too. So I  decided  to talk to Brett. We both decided to finish with    this stupid affair. It was difficult, but  it  was the best for everyone. Then I decide to talk to Katrin .  I was very  sorry   (of*/for)  all I  had   done , so I  apologised   (with*/to)  her and  promised  her that this     would never  happen again. Now I'm very happy because I learned that friends are the most important thing in the  whole  world.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you to complain about the show which I saw last Friday at your theatre. The show was called 'Over the  Rainbow ' .  I was not pleased with the way that  it  was  set out .
First of all, when I went and bought my ticket, there was no discount ,  but in your advertisement it  clearly said  that discounts are available and as a result  the  ticket  I   bought   was  more expensive.
Secondly, the show I went  to  was the evening one, which was supposed to start at 7:30 p.m. ,  but  there was  a  41-minute  delay and  it  ended up starting at 8.15 p.m.
Furthermore, the  original  actor was Danny Brook but  it changed to a different actor   who  acted terribly and was very disappointing. Last of all, it  says  in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant  open  after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was  being redecorated  and no  announcement  was made.
I didn't have a perfect evening out and instead I had  an  awful evening out. Therefore I would like  are refund of my ticket  and I would like  an   apology .  Thank you from you 
 Yours   Sincerely ,
What will clothes be like 100 years from now? What do you think  models  will wear  (in*/on)   the   catwalks ? Will they wear anything? Who  knows ?  Nowadays , people look at  fashion magazines  or get opinions from their friends  to help them  to decide what to wear  (in*/on)  different occasions . 
Will they still do the same 100 years  from now ?
 In my opinion,  clothes will be a lot  different   in  100  years'   time .  New  materials  will be   invented  and new styles  will be  created either by designers or people themselves ,  which  will lead  to changes in fashion ,  but  in addition     materials will probably still be used such as  denim , which was invented ages ago in America.  And  people nowadays still use  denim   as a common material . If you walk out  on  to the street now, you will probably see more than half the people wearing clothes that are made  (with*/of)   denim  ,  which is incredibly surprising!
 From my point of view , I think people will wear more clothes that are see-through in particular. As people are wearing thinner and thinner  clothing  to show off their figure ,   they  might as well just wear clothes that are  see-through   to give it a better effect !  So  if you want to know what clothes will be like 100  years   from now , the only thing you can do is to WAIT!
Dear Sir,
Last week, I  visited  your theatre and I was very disappointed because I did not have a perfect evening out like     your  advertisement said.
I would like to complain  about  four things  concerning  your theatre.  First  thing, the actor is  really  horrible so I recommend you  change  the actor because he will  disappoint an audience who visits your theatre .
Second thing, you should open the show on time because if the audience have to wait, they will not feel happy . But  I think you know that.
 Regarding  the advertisement, it said  tickets £ 10, £ 15 and £ 20 discounts available  but when I bought the ticket, the discounts  were  not available
After the show I was very hungry so I went to the restaurant in the theatre but it was closed for  refurbishment  . That   made  me very angry and  disappointed .
To conclude, your theatre is  not good like what advertisement said  so I would like to ask for some money back. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
(Chan Suntavee)
Nowadays, science and technology are very important to our life. The technology  changes my daily life  a  lot   compare to the past .
For example, when I was young, I used to walk to school  every day  but now my father has a car so I don't have to walk anymore, because my father gives me a lift  every day .
At home, I have a video game so I play it all the time and I'm very  glad  that  it   makes  my daily life happy so it's excellent but on the other hand I  don't  do any homework or study at all.
Another example is  the  computer .  I don't have to watch television or read a newspaper because I can  get  the news by using  the   Internet   (in*/on)  the computer.
To sum up,    modern technology has changed my daily life in bad ways and good ways. Therefore my daily life will change  (to*/in)  bad ways or goods ways . It  depends on how I use the technology.
Dear     manager  of  the  theatre,
I went to the circle theatre to see a musical show, OVER THE RAINBOW. I really  looked forward to  the musical show, but it was a disappointing show.
 Firstly ,  your  advertisement said there were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but it had different  actors   to my disappointment . Secondly, it said the show started at 19:30, but it  was delayed   (to*/until)  20:15. I had to wait 45 minutes, wasting time.
Thirdly, tickets were £10, £15 and £20, and I knew that these were available  (to*/on)  discount, following the advertisement. But it was impossible.
And I wanted to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed . Though  they said it was possible to visit  the  theatre restaurant after the show, they didn't prepare  it  at all.  Even if one of your woman officer annoyed my question, I asked that why they didn't prepare restaurant, as if they advertised like that. But she was annoyed me. 
You said it would be  a  perfect evening, but it wasn't. It was  an   upsetting  evening. So I  ask you for money back . I couldn't be satisfied  with  your theatre. I hope you accept my suggestion.
 (With*/In)   the   hope   that  you understand me.
Elsy Sun.
 Unfortunately , Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Pat  tells   others'  secrets to everyone easily.
At first ,  when he had a girlfriend, they talked to each other  frankly . His  girlfriend  talked to him  about  everything.
 That was because  she  trusted  him. But after they  separated ,  he  told his friends her secrets without  thinking .
And when his friend, J,  had   a  big problem, J asked Pat and his friend for help   . It was about his private problem, related  to  his  friendships  in  the  whole school.
If he had told everybody, J would have been blamed by  the  whole school. But he forgot it and told his friends. Actually it was not on    purpose , but,  sometimes, Pat  mistakes to speak  someone's secrets. Though it was not on    purpose, it makes his friends leave him. They can't  trust  him. Pat also regrets    his  telling secrets . It could be difficult for him to change himself. It is like  one of his  bad  habits .
Poor Pat, now he is blamed by everyone such as the people  whose secrets he told  to everybody.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm  writing  to you to complain about a    play I have seen, called: "Over the rainbow".
This show was  very disappointing for me  for many reasons .  First of all, I was very surprised by the  absence  of the famous actor, Danny Brook, who was one of my reasons  for   booking  a  seat . Also, I'm unhappy about the  inaccurate   information   (of*/in)  your advertisement, which clearly says   the play begins at 19.30 ,  instead of 20.15  like  my  evening's  show. At the end of show, unfortunately for me and the  other  spectators, the worst thing happened: the theatre's restaurant was closed without any reasons  being given  and nobody  came  to us to apologise or  advise  us  (for*/about)   another  restaurant  open  late  (in*/at)     night.
That's why, in  response   (of*/to)  all  these  problems, I'm asking you to give back some money. I'm looking forward to  having  an answer from you.
Yours faithfully.
BOUCHER Jean-Pierre.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. That's why all his friends were angry  (against*/with)  him and  left  him alone. It was clear that Pat had to change and show    his  friends  that they  could  believe in him  thoroughly . For those next  few  days, Pat  would  do his best to be  as   sympathetic  as possible.  To begin with , every morning Pat  said  a pleasant "hello"  and   added  to that a big  smile . His mother always says: "If you are  smiling  and are nice  (with*/to)     people,     people   will  be nice and  will   smile   (to*/at)  you". As Pat  always does  what his mother says his friends began to play  with him again , but not just his old friends,  everybody  wanted to play with  him . The  moral  of the story  here is  very clear: be nice  (with*/to)     people and    people will respect you and will appreciate you as a friend.
Dear Sir/Madam
My name is Alida Fanetti, and I'm writing  to  you about the musical show which I saw during my stay in London recently.
One evening, while I was walking around the city ,  I saw a very interesting advertisement, which was about a musical show.
I'm a  fan  of Danny Brook so when I read  his name in the advertisement  I immediately decided to go to the show. The tickets were a little expensive but I was with  another  TEN people, so when we read "Discounts Available" we expected that the theatre had organised a special discount for  groups  of    people.
It wasn't true; there weren't any discounts. The show started at 20.15 and not at 19.30 so we  were waiting  for  a  long time. Before the show started, a man said that  Danny Brook wasn't there  because he was ill. It was a disaster.
After the show, which wasn't as good as we expected, we decided to go to the theatre restaurant. It was closed because people in the kitchen weren't ready with the food. It wasn't a "perfect evening out" like you said in the advertisement, so my friends and I   would be  grateful  if you  would  give us some money back, if  that  is possible.
I hope to receive an answer.
Your  faithfully 
"the old man and the sea" BY ERNEST HEMINGWAY
Dear Sandro,
 It's  Alida, how are you?
I'm writing  to  you because I have an important thing to tell you.
I read in the newspaper that in the next  few  days some  books  of short stories are going to be read on the radio. A few days ago you told me that you have to read "the old man and the sea" by Hemingway for school; well, on  Friday   it  is going to be read, on    frequency 96.7,   .
I suggest you  listen  to it because it's a very interesting book and you can relax while someone else is reading  (for*/to)  you.
I think it's a very good thing that people read books on the radio because it's  an   opportunity  for "busy people" to  hear  important and beautiful short stories and books.
Well, I think you will be happy if I tell you something about this book. I read it two months ago and I liked it very much. It's a sad story but it  lets  you know  about  a  type  of life that you can't imagine    really exists. The old man is a sad person but he loves his  life  and lives on the beach because he can't  go  without  seeing  the sea for a day.
I think you will enjoy it.
Now I have to stop writing but I'll write you more letters.
I hope you will listen to this book on the radio.
 Write back to me  soon and tell me about your impression  of   the story  (I mean if you enjoyed the story or not!)
Love
P.S. Remember 96.7 on  Friday  at 15.30 p.m.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about a    show that I saw  (in*/at)  your theatre.
First of all, Danny Brook was supposed to act   , but he was replaced by another actor. This situation made me feel very disappointed.
Secondly, the show should have started at 19:30 p.m., and it began  forty-five  minutes  late .
Moreover, when I went to buy the tickets no discounts were  available .
Furthermore, I wanted to have a  coffee  after the show, but when I tried to get to the theatre restaurant, it was closed. A police officer who was there told me that the manager of the restaurant was ill and that he  wouldn't   allow  anyone to open it.
This was the worst night that I had during my stay in London.
For all  these  reasons, I want you to refund the cost of the tickets and to send the money    to my house.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Her  school   classmates  were going to  throw  their friend Maria a party and it was going to be a surprise  (to*/for)  her. They organized everything. The event was going to take place in the garden  (of*/at)  Paula's house. Some of them were in charge of bringing music. The others had to bring food. That    afternoon they arrived at Paula's house    to decorate the place.  Balloons  and coloured lights were put in all the trees. A table was laid with a lot of  delicious  food and a beautiful cake was in the centre of it. Some time later  everything was  finally prepared. The garden was wonderful. The children were very enthusiastic because they thought that Maria was going to be very happy with this surprise. But things didn't happen as they  had planned . Because when Maria reached the house, they realised that she had been told about the party and they supposed that Pat had done this.
Dear Mr Smith,
I'm terribly sorry but I  have   to inform  you about a very disappointing evening. I'm sure you'll read this letter   with the intention of explaining the problems  I  had during the musical show  (of*/at)   your  theatre. One of the causes of my  disappointment  was the  substitute  actor that played  in  the show.
I like  Danny Brook very much , and his  unexpected  absence caused    me     great  sadness.
Then,  the  musical show had to start at 19,30..why  was the light on at 20:15 ? You'll    agree with me that 45 minutes  waiting  for the  start  of the show is  too long a  time.
The advertisement for the show indicated discounts available and  an  open restaurant after the show but it wasn't  like that . The restaurant was closed  because  of illness..  whose ? It's  a  strange thing! For those reasons I ask you for some money back, sure of my good reasons.
 Greetings 
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
It's for this reason that  I'm now  in this terrible situation. I can't believe she said that   I was at    Maria's party and ,   because      I   was distracted , I  told  Pat that I had lost    Jon's shirt. I  had   agreed  to buy another one, of the same style, but now he's angry with me,  because  I didn't say anything to him.
I don't know  what  to do. He's my best friend and so he wanted  all the truth from me  I  could  give him. It's all right, but I also think that he's     exaggerating . I don't think  I      have  done  such  a    bad thing  as  to  destroy  our  friendship . I feel sad and shocked. I like his company, and we are happy when we are  together . I can't  finish   with him   because  of a girl  who  can't  keep  a simple secret.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about a musical show, which I  saw  in your theatre   in London during my holiday.
 Considering  the advertisement, which appeared in one of    London's newspapers, I would like to present you  with  some of my  complaints  about your musical spectacle. Firstly, I would like to say that the cast, which you " advertised " ,  has been changed. The man who played the main male role was  not the one  who was mentioned in the advertisement. Secondly, the time when your musical should start  was  changed,  delaying your show  for  nearly  one hour! In your  advertisement  I noticed  some  information about discounts which were supposed to be available - no, they were not! Another "defect" in the advertisement was an "invitation" to the restaurant after the show. For unknown    reasons, I found the restaurant closed (there was no information  giving     a  reason   (of*/for)  closing it). Finally, you guaranteed "a perfect evening out", but for me it was the worst visit  (in*/to)   the  theatre in two years   .
To sum up, I am very disappointed about the musical in your theatre. Neither  the  beautiful  surroundings  near your theatre nor  the  comfortable  seats   compensated   for  my horrible evening. Therefore, I would like you to send my money back, because I think I deserve it as a  member of the audience . I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Technology is very important in our life. Mainly, because it makes it easier and more comfortable. Nevertheless ,  it has some advantages and drawbacks.
In my opinion ,  my daily life is full of modern technology. I meet  it  "at every corner": at home, at school, in the backyard and so on. It also changed my  lifestyle  for  the  better - I think. Every morning I use a toaster to have my sandwiches done,  a  washing machine which makes my clothes clean again.  Today , modern technology means: mobile phones, computers,  the   Internet , super-fast cars etc. These improvements  help  me with my ordinary  chores . I can do my homework on  a  computer, prepare for the class test by searching  for  information  (in*/on)   the  Internet and use a mobile phone every time    I want to  talk  with one of my parents.
However, technology has a bad influence on us  -  generally on our  health .  A couple  of months ago, some foreign scientists noticed that mobile phones  make a possibility of getting sick with cancer . Also fast and  high-tech   cars  increase  the   risks  of pollution  (of*/in)  our air and mainly lead to very dangerous accidents.
In conclusion ,  I think that modern technology makes our life easier . Nevertheless , we should avoid any possible risks connected with these improvements. Then we will be able to say that technology is something we should be proud of.
Mr Soren:
Let me express how disappointed I feel at this particular moment, or I should say angry, better sad. I would never  have expected  that I could be so  deceived . This is not the  first  time I have been  (in*/to)  your theatre and I have to tell you I have enjoyed many other plays, but be sure "Over the rainbow" will be the last one. As I am specially fond of musicals, I even travel abroad to see what's new, I am probably one of  your  most devoted customers. I know this word is not the best but you have  demonstrated  that the theatre can be just as cold as any other business. We both know this is not true, or  shouldn't  be. When someone comes specially to see Danny Brook acting, one of my  favourite  singers, whose career I have been following  (since*/from)  the  beginning , and  Danny Brook  never  appears , and nobody  gives  any reason to the audience, how should one feel? There was no reason either for the delay. Almost an hour! Can you imagine how many things one  could  do instead. Even  playing  some music to help us take it easy would  have  been better than nothing!  No  announcement,  no   invitation ...oh, yes, I forgot. The bar was closed. Well, I will not comment  on  that point. That terrible place  definitely  needed     refurbishment .
Well, this is not my idea of a perfect evening out, as you can  imagine . Each time I see the  advertisement  I get mad.
Of course, you  should   give  a refund  (of*/for)  the money  spent , not only to me but to all the  audience . But I can say that you will never be able to give my appreciation for your theatre back, at least  not as long as  you continue as its manager.
Expecting your news,
It is almost true to say that fashion is one of the most exciting human activities nowadays. How can we define this crazy and continuous change of colours, shapes, patterns, and uses? New fabrics create new textures, all  kinds  of  accessories  are added to create new versions, to refresh old ideas, to make new proposals that will last,  as  always, just  a few  weeks.  Everything   that is  in fashion  passes  away in a couple of months and has to be created again.
Fashion is a part of our lives, even for those who will never  admit  it. Have you  noticed  that all the classic gentlemen wear  the  same  type  of suit? And what about  those   kinds  of intellectual and progressive people, don't they  all wear  the same  type  of ugly but  comfortable  shoes?
I am sure that fashion will survive for ages,  it will even  change to become easier to use and  cleaner , because we all need to feel a part of our society,  communicate  our way of living and thinking, be part of a group and, at the same time ,  be different.
The future will bring to us new concepts, adapted to our lives.
Lausanne, the 20th of May 2000
Dear M. Smith,
My name is Marie Bouchard, I come from Switzerland. Two weeks ago, I spent a week in your fabulous city of London with my friend. On Thursday, the 3rd of May 2000, we went to your theatre to see "Over the rainbow". Unfortunately, we were really disappointed about everything in the theatre.
Firstly, we got our tickets  (in*/at)  your ticket office just one hour before the show. We thought, as  usually  we do in London  theatres , we could  get  discounts ,   and  it's written on your advertisement <NS type="M"></NS>.  Surprisingly , there were no  discounts .
Secondly, the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ;  it's a theatre ,     not a concert hall!!!!
Thirdly, we were astonished  (about*/by)  the actors ,   whom  we know from  other   musicals . Why did you not change the  names   (of*/on)  your advertisement?
In the end, the restaurant was closed because you didn't have enough  staff     that  evening!!  Nothing was serious . We really like London, the people, the night-life but this evening was really awful.
I  have sent     you a  photocopy  of our tickets. Would you  please  return our money   . In advance, thank you.
I hope we are not the only people to be so upset, but it was the first and the last time that I  come   (in*/to)  your theatre.
Sincerely yours
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. When her best friend, Scala, asked her  for  an idea to surprise her husband  with  because  she was  pregnant, Pat put her  foot in it  just before Scala's husband  had  the surprise.
The problem is that Pat works in    Neubathin ,  a little village. She's a secretary in an office. Everybody knows everybody.
Pat and Scala have been good friends for 10 years, their  husbands  <NS type="M"></NS> too.
It was a  sunny Friday  afternoon, Scala was really excited  about   telling  her the  news . Despite  the fact  she knew that Pat couldn't keep  a  secret ,     this time she was confident  that  maybe  she would be able to .
Just after Scala told her the  news , Pat phoned her mother who worked in a bakery, to tell  her  that Scala  was  pregnant.
As usual, Jon, Scala's husband came &amp; bought the bread for the evening. Pat's mum was so excited about the baby, she just said "Congratulations  (for*/about)  the new baby."
He was so amazed and asked  her  to repeat <NS type="M"></NS>. She just  remembered  it  ought   to be  a secret,  and  she  became  really  embarrassed .
When he went back to his house, his wife gave him the box with the shoes but it wasn't a surprise! Scala was  angry  with Pat because she thought she  could  keep this kind of secret.
Dear Sir/Madam
During my holiday in London I decided to go to the theatre. I found your advertisement in the  tourist board   offices  and  as  the musical "Over the rainbow" seemed to be a good option I  chose  it.
The problem is that there  were  some differences between the advertisement and the show  I saw . First, Danny Brook wasn't the star that night, he was replaced by an actor that seemed  like  a rookie. Another problem, the show started at 20:15  instead  of 19:30 and when it finished I couldn't have    dinner because the theatre's restaurant was closed (it closes at 22:00). Moreover, there  weren't  any discounts  available  (I'm  a  student but I paid  for  a  full-price  ticket).
 How it was explained above, I'm not satisfied  and I want to be  given   a  refund.
yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She's the sister of my ex-girlfriend ,   who  is called Eingrid. She was a really nice person and loved me a lot.  We'll  understand why I'm writing  (in*/about)  the past.
Last weekend we  decided  to go to the  beach  with Pat and Nick (her boyfriend). When we arrived there Eingrid and Pat decided to  sunbathe  while I and Nik walked  (in*/on)  the sand.  After  a long time walking we decided to return and  now  the weather was so hot we  decided   to find  a place to drink something. Then I found an ex-girlfriend that Eingrid hates. We had a little conversation and suddenly she kissed me, but I refused to continue. I called Nick to go search  for  the girls (he was in the WC) and said goodbye to  her .
When we met the girls Eingrid was furious, she said  to  me that Pat had  seen  me kissing another girl and our relationship was over! I'm really very  unlucky .
Dear Sir/Madam The Circle Theatre manager
I am writing to complain about your  show . I would like you to  return  my money because  that was not same as your advertisement .
I was planning to spend my holiday in London when I found your advertisement. In the advertisement, you mentioned actors, time,    discount and  facilities .
DANNY BROOK is one of my  favourite   actors  so I decided to buy a ticket  even though  I  had to cancel  my  appointment  on that day at  18.30  and  also   notice of price discount impressed me . However, when I  got  to the theatre, you  not only didn't have any   discounts  but also  had to apologize   to  us for  the   delay   (of*/in)  starting  the  musical. In addition  a  different actor appeared on the stage and I couldn't have dinner  (about*/after)  the musical because the  restaurant   was  closed. It made me so  disappointed  and angry.
You should  return  my money  immediately  because that night was far from  perfect .
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
He always tried to say nothing and did. But everyone always  saw   from his face he had a secret . Whenever he has  a   secret , his nose moves quickly. He  did not like  this habit and had thought it was  bad  of him until he solved a big crime.
When all  the  money had gone from a bank,  nobody   was  there except Pat.  The bank  robbers  told  him if Pat told  the fact somebody  they  would kill  him. So ,  Pat didn't say anything. But his nose moved quickly when  the  police showed  him  a picture of  the  bank robbers.
Then  the  police realized who  the bank robbers were  and  arrested  them. Although  the  bank robbers complained to Pat, he  hadn't said anything to anybody . He just moved his nose!!
Thanks to his habit, he is still alive and all  the  money  was   returned  to the bank. The town became  peaceful  again.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing this letter in order to express my disappointment  (about*/with)  your theatre.
 (On*/In)  the advertisement   that I  received , it was written that the show would start at 19:30 but I kept  waiting  for it to start for half an hour. And there were no discounts available either, unlike  what  was written in the same advertisement.
Another disappointing point was that I wanted to  see  Danny Brook so much and it was written that he was acting in the show, but unfortunately the man on the stage was not him. And the actor's performance was terrible.
And finally, after the show I went to the theatre restaurant to have something to eat, but it was closed because of restoration. There was no notice about it in your advertisement.
Because of all these reasons, which I have listed above, my evening ,  which should have been perfect, turned into a disaster. So I would like to have at least some of my money back as soon as possible.
Yours  faithfully ,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. And now the situation was becoming harder to  put up  with.  On the one hand  it was her best friend who wanted her to keep this secret. But  on the other hand  it was her best friend's family   that she must lie to.
Her best friend was going out with a boy that night,  and  she  had told  her parents that she was going to stay at Pat's house, in order to get permission.
So Pat could not decide what to do. She did not trust the boy, and it was very hard for her to lie to people   that she liked so much. And she realized that if something  happened  to her best  friend , it would be her fault and her best friend's parents would blame her for it. She knew she would be very sorry too.
So she decided to call the parents of her best friend and tell them what was going on. Of course, her best friend would never trust her again and never share any secrets, but she was doing this for her best  friend's  sake, wasn't she?
Dear    Manager
I am writing this letter to  complain  about the Circle Theatre. I went to the theatre last weekend to see "Over the rainbow'. I read your advertisement. However, it  was different from the fact . I had a very disappointing evening.
Firstly, Danny Brook did not  appear  as you had  promised . A different actor  appeared   instead  of him.  It  was disappointing.
Secondly  discounts   were  not  available . Even though I brought  a  discount  token  which I was given by  a  travel agency.
What's more, the theatre  restaurant   was  closed   when the show finished , because  the show started  at  20:15. It should have started at 19:30 as you said  (at*/in)   your  advertisement,  and  you should not have closed  it  before the show finished.
It was not  a  perfect evening  whatsoever . I would like to ask for  my  money back.
I look forward to hearing from you.
yours faithfully
Fashion of the Future.
My grandchildren will wear  fish-liked-suit  100 years from now. As you can imagine, people will be lazier than now. Everything will be  useful  and   convenient  , even fashion.
More or less
The clothes will be more comfortable but less  decorative . People will put on  fitted suits  such as diving  suits    or perhaps  wear nothing . For instance, people  will  not care about what other people see. Or maybe we will not need to  see  each other  any   more .
Male or Female
 Between male and female  will  not be  important  (for*/with)  clothes in 100  years'  time. The most important  thing   will be   your   figure ,  such as long legs or  pear-shaped  .
Traditional or  Contemporary 
Even though the clothes  become so , the traditional clothes will    continue  to exist  , because     fashion has  repeated many times in the circle .
In  conclusion , the clothes will  be  more interesting than now   for everybody . 
Dear Mr. Brown,
My name is Anne Singler and I have    watched the musical "Over the rainbow" in the Circle Theatre. I'm writing to you because I wasn't pleased with the show! In your advert for the musical    you promised the newest and best musical show, but it wasn't. First I was very disappointed about the price of the ticket because I expected to pay a  lower   price  than £20 for my  six-year-old  daughter. Then the show  actually  started at 20:15 and not at 19:30! I was quite bored, sitting in my chair and waiting for the beginning of the show.
For me the most disappointing problem was that the  star  Danny Brook wasn't there. My husband was also looking forward to seeing Mr. Brook as an actor  (of*/in)  your musical because he is one of his greatest fans. The actor  who  acted instead of Danny Brook wasn't as good as Mr. Brook.
After the show, which wasn't really the best I have ever seen, my family and I wanted to get some snacks in the theatre restaurant. When we arrived at the restaurant we     realised  that it was closed because the cook was ill. After this last  point of troubles  we went home with only bad  memories  of this evening.
So I want to ask you     to give  me my money back because I think I  would   have been  better  off   spending  my money on  something  else.
I hope you understand my point of view and write back.
Yours,
The secret
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
One day her best friend Sally told her that she had betrayed her boyfriend. Pat was really shocked to hear this but she had to promise Sally to keep quiet. Pat really liked chatting about others and so she wasn't able to keep quiet about Sally's secret. She told it to her boyfriend Paul. After that Paul  turned  white in  the  face, he was pale like a wall and it seemed  that  he  was     very nervous. Pat couldn't understand Paul's reaction and so she didn't  worry  about it.
Some weeks later when Pat was walking to school she met Sally,  who   had just come  out of Paul's house. Now Pat realized what was going on and could  understand  why her boyfriend got so nervous about the secret. He was Sally's lover!
In this moment Pat wished that she  had never  been keen on knowing secrets!
Dear Sir or Madam,
 Unfortunately  I have to  complain  about  the  musical show  put on  in  your  Circle Theatre last  night .
When I  received   your   advertisement  concerning the show "Over the Rainbow" I thought that  I'd  have a great evening, but  unfortunately  it was a big disappointment for me. Maybe I  will start   (for*/from)  the beginning. First of all, Danny Brook - the main actor in this musical - was  absent . The show had a  45-minute  delay - what a shame! You also offered discounts  -   what  kind of discounts? I  didn't see  any! I was with my son (11 years old) and I had to  pay   for a full-price     ticket.  Because  the show was very long, we were getting hungry but of course  your  theatre  restaurant  was closed because of  the  holiday.
Hereby I have to ask for  my  money back or  a   discount  for me.
Waiting for  your   reply .
With best regards
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. The  story   began  last year, when I  stated  my summer holiday. I had not any money for travelling  and  my parents were  going  to give me  some   only if I  had     concrete  plans. I started  telling  my parents that I  would  be travelling with my friends through  West Europe  for one month. I had  a really  good plan but  no  good friends. I  received  quite a lot of money and I left home.  (During*/For)  one week I  really was  travelling with my friends but then I was getting boring with them and I started to travel alone. Now I don't think that it was a good idea. Sometimes I had to sleep on     railway stations  or under    bridges. After one  month  ,  I  went   back home  and  told  my parents  what  a lot of fun  I had  with my friends - I don't know why I was such a  liar . My parents  believed  my  story   until  my younger brother Pat told them the  truth . Now my  parents  don't  believe  my  story . But I think   this was a good lesson for me and I  don't   lie  any more.
To the manager,
 Recently , I had the  opportunity  to go to  your  Circle Theatre event.  Unfortunately  I never thought it could be so  disappointing . It started when I received the advertisement on the street.  Because of  that, I thought I'd have a wonderful night.
The first problem happened at the box office because there were  absolutely  no discounts available. Well, I bought a    ticket anyway. The show  was supposed  to start at 19:30 but it actually started  forty-five  minutes  late . When the show began  I  had my biggest  disappointment , instead of the great Danny Brook, there  was  another actor, totally unknown. After the show I was so  irritated  about the whole thing that I decided to eat at the restaurant and try to relax a little.  To my surprise , it was closed.
 Because of  all this, what was supposed to be one of my best nights turned out to be  definitely  one of the  worst .  So I'd like    to  have  my money back.
Yours Faithfully,
 Technology  is always getting better. And it is  responsible  for many changes in my life, and I think I wouldn't be able to live without it anymore.
 Nowadays , with  the  Internet it  has   become  easier to do    school  work  and I also like to chat with other people or maybe read the latest news about my  favourite  football team. I also  recently got  a  cellular  phone and I don't  know   how  I lived so long without one - because it  helps  to solve    problems so quickly, it's really amazing. But for me, the best thing is  definitely  the  microwave . And there is  quite a  good reason for  that . I live alone, so I have to cook my own food, and I'm the worst  cook  in the whole world.
There are some of the  devices   of   modern technology  that most help me but there are some others which are also very important for me.
Sir/Madam,
I am  writing  this letter to inform you I had a very disappointing evening  (during*/at)  your musical show "Over the rainbow" at the Circle Theatre where you are the director.
First of all, the actor was  supposed  to be Danny Brook. He is my favourite actor and the most important reason I went to your theatre. But  at the last minute , without telling us anything, there was a different actor. This was very disappointing.
Secondly, your famous restaurant was closed. That was very  unpleasant  because I had planned a romantic dinner with my wife. If you had told me your restaurant was going to be closed, I would have made a reservation  somewhere  else, but you didn't.
And finally the play started with a delay of forty-five minutes and there were  no  discounts available.  Neither thing agrees  with what I read  (on*/in)  your  advertisement .
 For  all of these reasons, I hope you  can  give  me  my money back.
Yours sincerely,
MANUEL ALMODAR
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. But I didn't know that when I told her I was thinking  (in*/of)   leaving  home.
This was a very difficult  decision  but I had to take it because of my personal situation, all the time shouting and fighting  with  all my family.
 As  my girlfriend lived alone    I could have stayed with her or just have gone on travelling around the world. I was thinking a lot about this problem and how to solve it so I needed someone to talk to and Pat had always been my best friend.
But it was a big mistake because she  told her mother about it  and I don't know how but now my mother  knows   about  it, and she is very worried about me and my future. And my father thinks a year travelling and living by myself will be very good for me.
Finally, my parents are  arguing all the time  about  different  solutions to my problem, and this all thanks to Pat.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show I went  to  last week. I spent a week's holiday in London and I had been looking forward to  seeing  a wonderful show in your theatre. However, I was completely disappointed with  it .
Firstly, although I bought a ticket for 19:30 the show started at 20:15.  That  would never happen in my country I must say. Secondly, there  were  no discounts despite  your   claiming   they   were  available in your advertisement.
Furthermore, your theatre restaurant was closed because the employees were on    strike. On top of everything, the main  actor , Danny Brook, did not appear  (on*/in)  the show. The actor who  appeared  instead of him was terrible.
In fact, I expect a full refund plus compensation for the  dissatisfaction  suffered  . I trust you will give    immediate attention to this letter and I look forward to receiving a satisfactory  response   (in*/by)  return of post within a week.
Yours faithfully,
When we think about clothes in the future, we should think about the  environment  first. What will it be like in 2100? It is not pleasant to say the earth is now facing some serious problems. But it is  a  fact. Air-pollution might become more  problematic  than now in the future and  the  destruction of  the   ozone layer   could not be stopped in 100 years .
Considering these  facts , we should wear clothes which can protect us from certain  kinds  of  sun rays  and air pollution. I suppose they would be like     arm-suits . Of course,  technology  will have  developed  enough  for us  to invent new material for those  kinds  of clothes. So we don't have to worry about how  heavy  they will be. We will feel as if we  wore  nothing.
In conclusion,  in 100 years clothes  will not  be  as fashionable as they are now. We should consider  wearing as in more practical way .
Saturday, 17th June, 2000
Dear Sir,
I am  writing   to  you in order to  get     my money back,  concerning  the musical show: OVER THE RAINBOW. I live in France and I recently spent a week's holiday in London. I decided to go to  the  theatre to have a nice evening. I saw your advertisement in a newspaper. It seemed to be very  interesting . But in fact it is not!
I had a very disappointing evening. First of all:  the  actors  who  were  mentioned   in the advert  are not the same  as   the ones on stage . I  was supposed  to see the famous Danny Brook, and what a surprise it was  when it was  not him. I was very disappointed.
Secondly the show  was meant   to start   (on*/at)  19.30 pm. In fact it started at 20.15 pm without any  explanation .
Thirdly  the advert  said    "discounts available". This is not the truth.
After that it  was suggested   we   visit  your theatre restaurant, but the restaurant was closed! It  was  a shame.
And you  wrote , I quote  that it would be  "your perfect evening out", excuse me ,  but I do not agree with you. It was awful, the worst evening    of my life.
So please, it would be fair  if  you  gave   me  my money back.
I am looking forward to hearing from you in  the  near future.
Yours faithfully.
"What will clothes be like 100 years from now?"
In my opinion, clothes will not change so much, because fashion is an eternal cycle. You will  always find   the same  basic clothes, but I think that it will be the materials which will change.
We will find the same kind of clothes with gadgets included. For example: a short ,  very classical <NS type="MN"></NS>  and  inside    it could be included a mobile phone, or we could find  some buttons too , to  provide .. fresh air, why not? Or special flying shoes, and maybe  you would have a screen on your watch  to watch your  favourite  soap operas.
Everything is possible, but it would be fun to see this type of  gadget   (with*/in)  old clothes, like a dress  (of*/from)  the  Middle Ages .
Do not worry about this, it will not happen! Fashion is always the same!
Dear Sir or Madam,
I have recently been to the Circle Theatre and watched the musical show -  Over the Rainbow . I am writing to you because there were deviations from the advertisement which  was  published  (on*/in)  the newspaper.
 The advert clearly says  that discounts are available, but when I was buying the tickets, I  did not have this offer . As a result, I had to pay the full price of £15. The second point is that the show  had a delay of  about 30 minutes. Although I believe there must have been problems, I expect your company managed to sort it out in the quickest way. Apart from that, the most disappointing fact is that there were different actors instead of Danny brook and Tina Truelove,  because of  whom I  was coming . After the show we went to the  theatre  restaurant, but it was closed  for     refurbishment.
I  was  not really satisfied  (about*/with)  the show and I certainly believe that it was not a perfect evening out. I therefore would like to have a  refund  of  the  £30 which I spent on the tickets.
 Yours   Faithfully 
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. My story had already been spread    the next day. Although failing in the exams wasn't really a big deal, it was awful that people kept mentioning it. I  didn't think I was  going to survive after failing the exams and my best friend had been  untrustworthy .  But   this idea was soon be put off  since I noticed  (on*/in)  the newspaper that I had won the writing competition. I couldn't believe my luck .  I  was really sure that I won  a return ticket to the  Mediterranean  Sea. During the trip, I made friends with other people who had also won the competition in their towns. They were so kind to me that we soon became good friends.  For the  last few days, we spent our time    sightseeing and shopping. I must admit that it was the greatest time I have ever had in my life. On the last day when I was packing and getting ready to leave, I realised I had lost my passport and tickets. A horrible thought suddenly came into my mind. My bad luck had never left me. It had only hidden away from me and when there was a chance, it was going to give me a 'surprise'.
17/6/00
Dear Sir/Madam
I had a  very   disappointing   evening  last  Saturday . I had  everything  planned ;   my family and I   were  coming to  watch  your show and then have a decent meal at your theatre restaurant but it was  disastrous . Firstly there was no  discount available ,  though  you  promised   one   (on*/in)  your advertisement ,  so even my  6-year-old  son was charged  the  adult price. Then everything was going well  until  the show didn't start! Supposedly it was to start at 19:30 . Well  it didn't . It  started 45 minutes late, at exactly 20:15. And  by  the way may I ask you how  up-to-date  your leaflets are because in spite of the  advert  saying the  starring  actor was Danny Brook,    it wasn't. It was  another  actor  and one  I had never heard of. That was a  disappointment  for my whole family . In fact  all the  audience   were  very  disappointed .
Anyway the show was  nowhere near as  good as it was  meant  to be and it was  definitely  worse than I had expected it to be .  I didn't enjoy it at all so I was relying on the food to fill me up and relieve some of my stress. So as soon as the show was over we walked out and followed all the signs for about 5 minutes ,   desperately  searching for your  restaurant  ,  our  stomachs  rumbling for food. Finally we found the place. The location is far too far away and, what  would  you know ? , the place is closed for restoration, and it has been for two weeks! And your booking staff didn't know this obviously as they took our booking, with no  hesitation  whatsoever.  They  even gave us a table number.
What kind of an  organisation  do you call this, sir/madam? You don't understand how  disappointed  and angry I was that night. I was expecting a perfect night out but I came face to face with a total nightmare. And I am demanding a refund.
 Thank you  for your time and attention . 
Yours  Faithfully .
The Revealed Secret
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. In fact he was one of the  principal  busybodies of his  neighbourhood  and his school so not  a lot  of people in his school liked him.  This  was  a  very  bad thing about Pat's school and also for Pat . Another bad thing about this school was that there  were  different types of students that formed groups. Some  were  just  friendship  groups but others took it seriously,  maybe  just a bit too seriously . They  gave themselves names and acted  like  gangs rather than just groups of friends, and started picking on younger people, or  members  of other  gangs , trying to start fights with them. This  went  on and on, got more and more serious ,  but it was so secret that  the  teachers didn't notice.
One day one of those groups decided to have a party and although Pat wasn't in their group they invited him too but told him very  firmly  to keep it a secret ,  especially from the other groups. But Pat was so  excited  that he forgot all about the secret and told all of his best mates.  And  the word spread like wildfire and by the end of the day virtually everyone knew about this party. But luckily for Pat the word did not return to the group having the party. Everyone in the year was  annoyed , but not with Pat, oh, no! With the group having the party. No one could do anything about it ,   except  a few  psycho  groups . Some  of the more serious ones decided to raid this party, just for the fun and  meanness  of it.
That night the party commenced. Everyone was enjoying themselves  except  Pat ,  who had heard about the raid. So he was thinking up an excuse to go home early. But no excuses  were  working. Everyone was drunk and they simply would not let him go. Time was ticking away.  He   knew  the attack was coming  any minute .   
The time had come . The   who  groups had  combined  their forces and  were  ready to strike. They had water bombs and water pistols at the ready.  They  started charging down the field towards the fire and once in range everyone  threw  their  balloons  as far as they could.  They  all exploded with loud splashes. The group having the party thought this was a serious attack and started throwing  stones back  and shooting  everyone   with  BB guns. Lots of People  were  injured and even more  were  suspended the next day at school, when the Headmaster found out what had happened.
Pat  received  no punishment at all and he wasn't blamed for anything by his teachers or friends. But he felt  awful  because he  knew  that all this had happened because of him.
Dear Mr Redford,
I'm writing to you to complain about the problems which  were shown  at the "Over the Rainbow" musical show.
In the advertisement I read that Danny Brook  starred  in the show but when I got there I realised there was a different actor in his place whose acting wasn't good enough.
I have also read that the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but it didn't. It started at 20:15 leaving us  waiting  for  forty  five minutes. You have also advertised that there would be discounts available but there weren't and that we could visit the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because they were redecorating it. In the advertisement you write that it's the perfect evening out but all these problems made my evening  (in*/at)  the show very unpleasant.
As you are the manager of the show, you should try to avoid  these   sorts  of problems in future shows. I also ask  you  to return    some of my money for the unpleasant evening I  spent  at your show.
In the future people will wear clothes made of  polyester  and nylon because cotton and wool will be rare and expensive.
Clothes will be bright coloured and loose. I don't think anyone will wear a suit as it will be old-fashioned.
Also I think clothes will have many gadgets on them like a small oxygen mask in case someone goes in a place with  extended  pollution - I think there will be many such places in a hundred years - and a hat designed to protect people from the strong  rays  of the sun at midday because the ozone layer will be destroyed in a hundred years and the sunrays will  do  damage to the human skin.
Also the clothes in a hundred years will have the ability to cool down the people who wear them in the summer and the same clothes will keep them warm  (in*/on)  cold winters' days.
As you can realise ,  I think  the  future's clothes will be adjusted not    only  according to  fashion and the seasons but  (in*/to)  the needs of every  on as to protect from the earths pollution as well .
17th  June  2000
The manager of the Circle Theatre
Dear Sir,
I'm in London  for the  first time and I wondered what is interesting on  your  stage: I read in  the  newspaper the  advertisement  about  the  best musical show. In  the   advertisement   the   cast  was very  interesting  - Danny Brook and Tina Truelove.
I  decided  to go to your theatre but at the beginning  it  was the  tranbles . In  the   advertisement   it   said  - "discounts available". I'm  a  teacher and in  Poland  I have discounts but in England  I don't  .  I know this is  another  country. I was disappointed because you wrote about it!
Otherwise, the musical show started too late  -  at 20 15  instead of  17 30! This was a waste of time. I was very  suprised  when I saw  a  different actor . It  wasn't Danny Brook. This musical show wasn't "the best". I went out  early  but the theatre restaurant was closed. I had  a  very disappointing evening. I  must  ask you for  my  money back.
Yours  faithfully 
"Fashion of the Future"
What will clothes be like 100 years from now? This is  a  very interesting question for us and maybe very important too. We think and  talk  about it in our families.
I saw one week ago on TV  (the  23rd  annual)  the fashion show in Paris and I was very  suprised  because of  the  style. All  the  models had    very strange long shoes made from black  leather , the  trousers   were  quite short and the jackets  were  elegant with  emblazoned   material .
I think the fashion of the future will be very different but suitable for all people.  People  will wear clothes  made  from natural materials like silk,  which will be  comfortable and  elegant . The colours will be  of a  very good quality and the  fashions  will  change  very quickly like now.
Because the world is now a global village    people will wear at least one  item  of traditional or national  clothing  (for example  a   peasant  jacket or hat) ,  like  they do  now in rural areas from time to time.
Dear sir or Madam,
I was one of your customers who had a very disappointing  about  Over the Rainbow    at your Circle Theatre yesterday.
First of all,  the   stars  of the show were not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. The only    reason I bought  a  ticket was because of Danny Brook and Tina Trulove,  as your advertisement had shown . But your  stars  were not  there .
I bought a ticket for the 19.30  performance  and the show was very very late. It started at 20:15 and that  wasted  my time and made me feel bad about your  service . And also the ticket discounts were not available.  That was not your advertisement had shown . And finally, your restaurant was not  open  after the show.
 From every singular things I have complained, it  was totally different from what your  advertisement  said. And because of this, I would like to ask for my money back. If you  see that this is a good reason , please telephone me. My telephone number is 123-4567.
Yours
 These days  we are living  (on*/in)  a high-technology world. Modern technology has been  advancing  rapidly and it has  affected  me a lot. Indeed, I have to save more money     to upgrade  my personal computer. Computer technology keeps improving all the time and  consumers  like  you and me  definitely have to  spend  our money to keep our personal computer up to date and  capable of   working  with  the  new computer  software  that  requires  more and more  performance of computer hardware .
Anyway, modern technology such as the Internet  changes my lifestyle a great deal . Using the internet, I can  find  almost all  the  information I want to  have . And I can send e-mail to my friends via the Internet  fast  and cheaply  compared  to the old-style mail-services.
Finally, I think modern technology  allows  me do my business faster,  better   and  with much more efficiency.
Dear Sir or Madam, After I had read your advertisement I went to "the Circle Theatre" looking forward to watching your musical "Over the rainbow". In the end I was very disappointed. Firstly, the show did not start on time but  forty-five  minutes  late . This made me a little bit angry because I already had  trouble     buying a ticket  earlier : although it was proclaimed in the advertisement, there were no £15 and £10 discounts available. But I did not mind anymore because I knew that a show with Danny Brook would be worth this. That was why I was really shocked  to see  that there was another actor playing  his role . This actor was not  nearly  as brilliant as Danny Brook and I would not have  paid  so  much  money if I had known this before. At the end of the musical I decided to "rescue" this evening by visiting your theatre restaurant. Like everything  else   that  had gone wrong that evening, the restaurant was closed because the cook had fallen ill! I hope you can see that this was no "perfect evening" and I was very disappointed, mostly because this was the last night of our stay in London. I am convinced  I   have  the right  to  some money back from you because none of your promises was    carried out. Yours faithfully Gabe Grumman (Mrs)
"The Old Man and the Sea"
I heard somebody say ,  "Exciting books always describe people in difficult situations". Well, I would not agree that this statement is always true, but it is true in the case of the book "The Old Man and the Sea" by Ernest Hemingway.
The context of the book is easy to understand and not very spectacular: an old fisherman is alone on the vast sea, fighting with a strong fish he  has  caught. What makes the situation difficult is that  neither  of the two characters wants to give up. It becomes a  life and death struggle .
The excitement is not created by bloody fights but by the strength of the protagonist. He is old and he wants to win this last competition between him and    nature. So he  bears  everything: the days and nights on the sea, without any food or water, the terrible summer sun,    being injured from keeping  hold   (to*/of)  the line  on which  the fish is  caught .
The reader feels  (with*/for)  him, wants to know if he will win or wonders why he will not give up.
Although this situation might not  be  very difficult or important for anybody else, it is for this old man and I found it very exciting to follow this story until    quiet, sad end.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing in order to express my extreme dissatisfaction with the musical show 'Over the Rainbow' that recently took place in The Circle Theatre.
During  a  prior holiday in London I came across an  encouraging   advertisement  for the show and decided to see it.
Unfortunately, I was very  disappointed  to find out that there were no discounts available! Therefore, it cost me more money then usual.
In addition, I was very annoyed by the fact that the event had started at 20:15 - not 19:30 as  stated  in the  advertisement .
My dissatisfaction became even  greater  when I     realized  that  there had been a different actor than Danny Brook performing !
Moreover, I was unable to use the theatre restaurant as it had been closed  for  redecoration!
Having noticed that this was not 'a perfect evening out' I would like to ask for my money back. I feel  that  I  have  been lied to and thus I demand my money  be  returned.
I am looking forward to receiving a response in the near future.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Everyone had  soon  heard  (of*/about)  me getting the secret access code for the 'Secret Society' organisation.
This was the kind of association everybody knew  (of*/about)  but nobody talked about. Everyone was aware that  talking  aloud about  the  'Secret Society' could get you in trouble, serious trouble. There had been cases when somebody entered the club but never came back afterwards.
I guess it was that thrill that actually made me anxious to know what really was going on inside the dodgy-looking old house guarded by a man with an unfriendly hound.
I've always enjoyed     danger  and this time getting the password was, indeed,  a tough  cookie  . But knowing what these people are capable of makes me  wonder   whether  to use it or not. Especially now, when 'big-mouth' Pat  has spread  the news to  literally  everyone. I wouldn't be surprised if suddenly something bad happened to me.
Therefore, I have to escape. What I've learned from this situation is to never trust people again. You should remember about this in the future.
Dear manager
I went to the theatre to see a musical show ,  "Over the rainbow" ,  and had a very disappointing evening.
According to your advertisement, the actor should  have been  Danny Brook, but  in fact  it was  a  different person. My ticket was for 19.30, but it started very late . It  started  at  20:15. When the show finished, it was too late to catch the train    home. I had to take  a  taxi. It  cost  me £30. "What a waste!,, By the way, I didn't see any discounts  on  tickets. One more thing, the theatre restaurant was closed when I  went  there for a    drink .  I don't know why . There  was no     note  or information about that. I am not sure that I did have a perfect evening out.
Would you consider  giving   me  my money back? If  a  refund is available,  that  would be  great .
I    look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Pat is one of my  colleagues   (in*/from)  the office. She works with me. We get on very well. She is a single mum. She always talks about her private life to me, and I thought we understood each other, because when I talked about my private life to her, she seemed very  understanding .
Last week, I missed work on Tuesday, so Pat had to work harder because she was all alone. I appreciated her and she  didn't  mind. I told her the reason  why  I had to miss    work. My son was in prison. I had to go and see him. I still don't know how it really  happened  to him. All I know is  it is  about drug smuggling,  and  that he  is  involved. I asked    her not to tell anyone, because I didn't want others  to know  about this. I am  a  very private person.
Yesterday morning, I went to  the  toilet .  I  overheard  two people talking about my son .  I felt  sorry   (on*/for)  myself and I burst into tears. I quickly got out of  the  toilet. I don't remember how I finished work that day.
Nowadays, it is hard to trust people. No one is perfect. Everybody  makes  mistakes. I decided to forgive my friend Pat.
The Manager of the Theatre Dear Sir, I am writing to you so as to express my great disappointment about the Musical Show "Over the Rainbow,"  which  I attended      a fortnight ago. To begin with, never have I been so upset  as  when I realized that the  famous actor I expected  ,  Danny Brook,  would  not show up at the performance and that he had been shamefully replaced by an unknown actor whose performance was   quite mediocre. Your advertisement for the show contains further  inaccuracies ; this  show  did not  start  at 19.30 p.m but only at 20.15.  Moreover , I was looking forward to getting a  discount  on the  price   of the ticket  as   indicated  (on*/in)  your adverts, but  that , once again, fell flat. Indeed, it  so  happened that this was not the case at all. Additionally, I could not even enjoy having a drink, after the show, in the Theatre Restaurant as it was simply closed for renovation. "A Perfect evening out"!? Not at all. Under these circumstances, as your Theatre did not  fulfil  its commitments, I ask you for a full refund and I expect to receive a cheque  (of*/for)  £15, as soon as possible Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I had  had  my own experience with her  already  and I would  always be  careful not to tell her anything important  whenever  we met.
As   Pat had recently made a new friend ,     Olga, my sister, I warned my sibling about Pat's failing: "Don't ever rely on Pat     to keep  a secret,  sweetheart ; she just can't"! Mind what you    tell her; she can make the worst of it; gossiping    is her  favourite  leisure activity!
However, I guess that Olga  turned a deaf ear  to what I had told her.  That  is the impression I got.
A couple of weeks later, my sister called me  when  I was at work; completely devastated and  weeping  scalding tears, she could   hardly pronounce a word. I didn't say anything and let her go on grieving  (over*/by)  herself. After a while, she pulled herself together and paused for a minute. I could then,  feel her,  upset as ever. I could get her     to simmer  for a second or two then she suddenly  started  shouting uncontrollably: - "Never have I met such a poor cow like Pat",  Olga hurled   this  at me    down  the phone. Then I woke up; well, I shall never know what happened to the "poor cow"!
Dear Sir, or Madam,
Your advertisement for the musical      Over the rainbow   said it was London's newest and best musical show .  I agree with that because it is a  wonderful  show but   it said that Danny Brook would be starring in it. I was really excited, but it turned out to be a different actor and I thought that was quite disappointing.
The show started at 20:15 when it actually should have started at 19:30. While I was waiting I thought I should inform myself about the discounts available . The  shocking thing was there weren't any!
 (On*/In)  the  advertisement  it also said   you could visit  your  restaurant after the show, and that is what I did, but when I got there it was shut for no reason.
What I'm trying to say is that this wasn't my perfect evening out and that I should get at least some money back!
Yours Faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. As we know, Carla and Pat were good friends so Carlotta would tell Pat anything. This time she told Pat that she thought her dog, Churls, was going to die.
Pat couldn't resist    and told her brother Jacob . He  was quite shocked about the news because   he  misunderstood . He understood that 'Carlotta wants to kill Charles but she is still thinking about it.' Jacob runs as fast as sound to get to Charles's house. There, Jacob  approaches     him slowly and tells him.
"Charles, you can't be with Carlotta anymore, she's evil , " Jacob whispers
"What, you're crazy ! " Charles responds.
"She said she was going to kill you!" Jacob shouts.
"I'll talk to her , " Charles exclaims.
When Charles told Carlotta what he knew, Carlotta started crying.
It was all a  misunderstanding . They managed to sort everything out and Carlotta never had anymore secrets.
To Manager.
My name is Sam. I would like to inform you that your advertisement mentions so many different things, so it spoilt a part of my journey. Then I want to receive my money for the ticket.
After reading your advertisement. I went to your theatre to see 'Over the rainbow' last night. I was excited to see it. But everything was terrible and different  (from*/to)  your advertisement. First of all the actor was different. So I was disappointed. I had wanted to see Danny Brook in the show. The movie started 20.15 not 19.30. You wrote ' discounts  available' but they didn't  offer any  discount. After the show, I couldn't have my dinner in your theatre restaurant. The restaurant was closed because of being repaired.
You advertised    my perfect evening out. But  it  was  unpleasant  because of these things. So I ask you to return some money back.
If you have something to ask, please call me. I will stay until the end of this month. The number is 577-6277. (Hotel number).
I wait to hear from you soon.
 I think there is nothing not to be influenced by science and technology affects in our daily life nowadays . I would like to  describe  how modern technology has changed my daily life as a housewife.
I have  a lot of  housework to  do  from early morning until late evening. I always use many electric  appliances ; washing machine, dish-washer, vacuum cleaner, blender,  juicer , fridge. I think I can have my spare time  thanks  to these  things . For example if I don't have  a  washing machine, I  would  have to wash all  the  clothes myself. Then it takes about 1 hour or one and a half to wash.  while  the washing machine is whirring, I can  have  my time. So I can read my book or do another thing. Also I can't imagine my life without  a  car. It would be terrible. Now I can't live without them.
Owing to all of them, I can live very  comfortably . These things provide me  with   every  convenience.
Dear Sir/Madam!
I'm a student from St. Petersburg, and I'm  studying  in a  drama   academy . My  friend  &amp; came to London for an excursion. We were lucky to get tickets to the ,,Over the rainbow" show in your theatre.
Danny Brook is my  favourite  actor &amp; to see him was my dream  (from*/since)  my childhood! It was a  surprise  when we were told there  would  be another actor. Also ,  we expected to get a  discount  as    students, but international students cards are not  valid  in your  theatre  (that is very strange - even your  advertisement  has    information about discounts). Another problem - we were very hungry that evening because the show was  delayed   for  45 minutes!  So  we were late  (to*/for)  our supper in the hotel and  the  theatre restaurant was also closed without any  reasons   given .
In the  advertisement   it said  ,,your perfect evening out!" , but it wasn't. And I think,  I proved this to you .
I'm waiting for your  answer  and hope I can get my money back!
How has modern technology changed (your) my daily life?  I would call our days     days of great  technological  progress. You can find changes everywhere.  Industrial  wheel  going faster and faster. 
 I'm  dealing with    mobile communication - mobile phones and  papers . I can see how different firms  produce  more &amp; more new mobile  phones . They  have  more  different  functions and  forms .
It is very  interesting  for me  how new works ,  their   possibilities .
My job, I think is a good way to  get  a  profession  in the future. And I hope to find a  really  good job in a good company.  The communication  business is    very progressive. More and more people  buy  mobile phones, because  they   are  very  useful ,  you get a lot of  possibilities   like:  using   the   Internet ,  buying  different goods,  booking  tickets,   controlling  your home  technic   and many  others . Mobile communication is a key to  success  in all professions that we have!
And I think that I made  the  right choice  (in*/of)     profession - it is  the  perfect combination:  a  very  progressive   form  of    modern technology, and the most important thing - it is  extremely  interesting  (for*/to)  me!
Dear Mr Manager of the Circle Theatre
During my last holiday    in London I went to the Circle Theatre after reading the advertisement  (of*/for)  the "Over the rainbow" show. I wanted to spend my  free  time well by taking in that cultural event. How stupid of me! I felt really disappointed. First of all ,  in the advertisement  it  was written, as I had read    before, that Danny Brook would be starring in the show. Unfortunately,  a  different actor stood in for     him .  The time of the beginning of the show  was written  as  half past two p.m. and    half past seven that evening, again. Lack of    time made me  go   (at*/to)  the evening show. And unfortunately again,  (from*/for)  some  reason  ,  it was  delayed until  quarter past eight. Another problem - in the advertisement  it  was  definitely  written  that there were  some    discounts  (of*/on)  the tickets. No, alas ,  in reality it appeared  to be  a mistake. According to the advertisement, after the show anyone could go to the theatre restaurant for a drink. That appeared impossible, because the theatre restaurant was closed. The reason was unknown. That wasn't enough  still . At the end of the advertisement    I noticed it  said  something  (of*/about)   a  perfect evening out. It wasn't  true . That's why I  am writing  my letter to you and I  am asking  for my money back. I was expecting something  much  better. Mr manager, I warn you, if I don't get my money back, we'll meet  (at*/in)     court.
Yours  faithfully 
I believe, living in a modern country, that science and technology  affect   every  aspect of my daily life. Looking back  (in*/to)  the past, I can see   how big  a  difference  there  is between  the  life of my grandparents and mine. People living in the past couldn't travel so  much  as we  can  now and couldn't  express  the news around the world as we do    now,  in the present day . They could not communicate with someone living in  another  country,    located far away from  their  own. Using mobile phones, e-mails or  the   Internet , we have    better access to a lot of different  information .
So, we are in  a  better situation now. But there are some drawbacks, which appeared  in   recent  years. For example ,  a lot of pollution has  been created . We now breathe worse air in our lungs    than  our  grandparents  breathed. I think   we are more addicted to  doing  some things   which are not concerned with human nature. For example, people are addicted today to  watching  TV or often using    mobile phones. I don't really mind them. But I think and strongly believe   that we are  a  part of  nature . And the modern technology that we use in our everyday life might not only help us, but  determinly  might destroy us.
Dear  Sir or Madam 
I am writing this letter to complain  about  how terrible the show performed in your theatre was.
I was interested in the advertisement  (about*/for)  the musical show so I went to the theatre to see it two weeks ago. However, I cannot help saying that it was really  a  nightmare.
Firstly, you advertised that Danny Brook, who is    my  favourite , is  the   lead  but there was another actor  instead  of him. Furthermore, his performance was really poor.
Secondly, it started at 20:15 which was 45 minutes later than on time and there was no discount for the ticket, which is different from the advertisement.
Thirdly, the only    restaurant in your theatre was closed because of  renovations .
As a result, I had a totally disappointing evening during my holiday. So, I hope that  i   will  have my money back. I will  look  forward to your reply.
Yours faithfully,
TYUNG, SURIPHAT
It is certainly true that    modern technology has been changing our life a lot    these days. But how  does  it affect    my daily life? I get up in the morning with the soft sound of  a  radio  programme  ,  not the sound of  an  alarm clock and eat my breakfast watching TV news.  (In*/On)  the bus or even  (in*/on)  the tube, I can talk with a friend  via  a mobile phone when I feel  bored . Sometimes I even  play  some games  (with*/on)  it.  In accordance with  study or work, I use  the   Internet , which is the  easiest  way to get  information   from  all around the world. Furthermore, I can write a letter to my friend who is abroad in such a short time. Without it, it would take more than one week. After comming home, I can make myself relaxed with the smooth sound of classical music from the Hi-Fi. In conclusion, modern technology affects  my daily life a lot  as well as the whole society. And in my opinion the  extent  of  its   affect   (to*/on)     human life  will  be more than this in the future.
Dear Sir/Madam
I went to see ' Over the Rainbow ' ,   produced  by the  Circle Theatre . I was really disappointed therefore I am writing a  letter of   complaint .
Firstly I bought the ticket because I like Danny Brook's acting but in the show someone was  playing  his part. Also  this  person was not really good at acting.
Secondly the time on the leaflet is  totally  wrong. It said it  would  start at 19:30.  In fact  it started  at  20:15. I was waiting for 45  minutes .
Thirdly the ticket was  not   discount  and after the show I visited  the   theatre  restaurant but it was  closed  because the show started    late.
 Finally  last  night  was not  a  perfect evening.  Therefore  I want to have  my  money back and I hope you will think about these problems.
 Yours  faithfully
I am writing an article about  the  fashion of the future  (to*/for)  the international student magazine.
 Fashions  are always changing therefore it is really difficult to say what sort of clothes people  will wear  in  the  future. But when I  hear  the word    future, I have  an  image of  metallic   colours  so that  in  my imagination they are wearing  metallic  or  brightly   coloured   clothes .  Maybe  they  will have  more     colours  than now.
However ,  I  don't think the fashion will have   big differences  because I believe that fashion is in a  circle .  The mean of this  is all our  fashions     come from history. For example our    style at the moment    comes from 70's fashion. We always  repeat the fashion with adding some new fashion at that time .
I think    people will wear clothes which are  metallic  or  bright colourful colour with mixture of history and future fashion style    in  the  future.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you because of the latest musical show you  put on  in  the  Circle Theatre.
I am keen on musicals and I have seen many of them in different parts of the world. Unfortunately ,  the one I saw a week ago in the Circle Theatre was one of the worst.
Here are some  facts   explaining  why me and many other people from the audience are so disappointed.
First of all ,  the musical should have started at 19.30 but unfortunately we had to wait  forty-five  minutes. It  was  a  waste  of time.
Moreover ,  the advertisement for the show says that the main role in the musical  is played by   the  great Danny Brook. I must admit I'd been looking forward to  seeing  him. In fact  (at*/on)  the stage appeared  a   completely  different person.
Also ,  discounts for tickets  weren't  available.
After the show ,  together with my friends I went to the theatre restaurant to have a romantic supper . Unfortunately  it was closed  for no good  reason.
At the end of my letter I would like to ask if it is possible to have some money back.
I would be very pleased if you answered my request soon.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Besides this little thing she is actually perfect. But to make everything clear I'll start from the  beginning . It was two years ago.
 School  finished and we, I mean Pat, Tim and me, didn't know what to do with  so much  spare time. I didn't  want  to spend that holiday with my parents in the country. I was old enough to go somewhere only with my friends. Tim  made  a  suggestion  about going  (at*/to)  the  seaside   (by*/in)  his new car. It seemed fantastic but we knew our parents would never agree. We had to find another way out. We planned to tell them that we were going  (for*/to)  a summer camp in the mountains where we would practise French.  Our parents  were very pleased and happy we  were  so  ambitious . Of course ,  we didn't  want  to go there, it was just a "cover". We prepared tents and other relevant equipment and we  waited . We promised to keep it    secret.
Two days before going ,  Pat was packing her luggage and asked her mother to help her. During  their  chat Pat mentioned     the   seaside  and her mother found out that something was wrong. Pat started to cry and told    everything.
As a result we were  grounded  for all  the  holidays and all because  of  our almost perfect Pat.
17/06/00
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about the show "Over the Rainbow" ,  which I saw at your theatre two weeks ago; as a matter of fact our evening turned out to be very disappointing.
First of all ,  I was really looking forward to the performance of the leading actor Danny Brook, but sadly he wasn't there, he was  replaced  by a different actor, who was    rather disappointing.
Furthermore the show should have started at 19.30 but instead it began at 20:15 ,  which was really unpleasant.
At the ticket office I also asked for a discount but they told me this wasn't possible,  though  your advertisement  clearly said  there were discounts available!
At the end of the show I was so tired that I decided to eat something at your restaurant, but surprisingly it was closed due to some  unreasonable  technical problems!
The  advertisement   promised  us a perfect evening but it wasn't, so I would highly appreciate  it  if you could  completely refund  our tickets.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets: he always wanted to know everything about everybody and  afterwards , of course, he would give away all he knew, but one day he had some problems...
His best friend Paul couldn't put up anymore with Pat always revealing his secrets, so  he  decided to play a trick on him. Since Paul ran a very popular hotel in London, he told Pat that on Sunday the superstar Madonna was supposed to be staying there with her new  mysterious  lover.
Paul told Pat not to tell anyone about Madonna and especially  not  the press. Pat obviously couldn't  keep  silent about this so, since he also needed some money, he decided to reveal everything to the  scandal-mongering  press, not knowing that Paul had made up  the whole  story! On Sunday all the  English  press  were  waiting for Madonna in front of Paul's hotel and when they discovered that it was all  a   hoax , they got so angry that they wrote  (on*/in)  every newspaper that Pat had made up everything! Paul finally had his revenge!!
Dear Sir,
I am writing to  you  to complain about the musical show called "Over the rainbow"
As a matter of fact, I  wanted      to see  Danny Brook ,  who I appreciate a lot and I was very disappointed that he wasn't  there . Besides, the actor who filled  in for him  was unknown and specially boring.
Secondly, the show  was meant  to begin at 19.30 pm,  actually   it  began at 20.15 pm and that  was without giving  any  explanation !
Your advertisement mentioned that discounts were available, however ,  when I  asked the staff about them  they replied    that  there  weren't  any  discounts!
After the show, I wanted to visit your restaurant and ,  once again, I was disappointed because it was closed.  Nobody  could explain to me why!
I can assure you that it wasn't a perfect evening out and I got very annoyed about this evening which could have been wonderful.
That is the reason I would like you to refund my money. I hope you  will  take notice of this complaint   . I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
My daily life changed in some ways when I  got the hang of  using new technologies.
When I started work, I wrote everything I  did  on  sheets of paper  and if sometimes I made mistakes, I had to cross  them  out and it wasn't very  well done . I had to work out all my figures two times to make sure that my accounts were accurate.
Now, I enter  data  and I don't need  to calculate my figures anymore , the work is  done completely  by    computer and in addition there  are  no  mistakes .
If I have to find     a   timetable , it is very useful to have the  opportunity  to see  them  on the Internet, besides, it is the quickest way!  (At*/In)  the beginning, I wasted a lot of time getting some information I needed because I didn't know exactly where I had to look for  it . But after a while you gain experience and you  soon get  used to this kind of research.
Another thing that has changed my daily life is the  mobile  phone. As a matter of fact, if I am stuck in my car in    traffic, I can call my boyfriend to tell him that I  will  be late. Once, I saw an accident and I could call the police. Sometimes the ring is annoying but ,  finally, the  mobile  phone is a great ,  handy object.
Dear manager,
I am writing to complain about a musical show which is called "Over The Rainbow" and ask for  my  money back. This show was presented by the Circle Theatre.
First of all, the poster told me that this show  starred  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but there  were  different  actors . I am so disappointed.
Secondly, the show was  meant  to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15. I  was  waiting for 45  minutes . The poster also told me that I could visit the theatre restaurant after the show. As you know the show started late, so, I was not able to go to the theatre restaurant because it  closed  before the show  finished .
Thirdly, there  were  no discounts available but  it was printed on the poster . If there  are  no discounts, don't  write it  on the poster. I got confused and  was  disappointed again.
Finally, I would like to have my money back. I am looking forward  (for*/to)  your prompt reply and  improvement .
Yours Faithfully,
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
The world is changing every day. So, modern technology is needed to  meet the requirement .  Every  single day,   a lot of  modern technology is produced  and it really  affects  our daily life.
The most important development is the  Internet     ,  which is connected to the whole world's computers by    telephone  lines . You can send a letter to your friend by    e-mail  instead of   writing  it on a piece of paper and  sending  it by post. It just takes you a few minutes. How  convenient  it is! There are also  many  more advantages . You  can buy  something  in a supermarket  by only a mail order  . You  don't need to  leave  your home.
Other than the  Internet    , there is also  a lot of  modern technology which is changing our daily life. For example, we can go to    Mars and do some  research . So, we know much more about our universe. Some modern technology is also  put into the transport system . For example, trains can go faster and aeroplanes can travel faster.
 Modern  technology has changed our daily life. It aims     to improve  our standard of life and  allows  us  to live  more comfortably. So I think the changes are good.
Dear Sir,
I'm writing to you to complain about my  disappointing  experience at your theatre last Saturday night.
What I thought    was going to be a wonderful night became    the worst night at the theatre I've ever had.
Firstly, I must admit that when we realised the main  actor  had been changed we felt really disappointed. This is because I had been waiting to enjoy Danny Brook's performance since I saw him the first time on television.
Secondly, despite    your  advertising     the possibility of discounts, when I showed my student identity card to one of your  employees  she angrily told me that I had to pay the  full   price .
Moreover, not only had the actor been changed but also the    show started  forty-five  minutes late.
In my opinion you ought to be more serious because of the  responsibility  you have  to entertain     the people who  come  to your theatre.
Finally, at the end of the night we felt a bit hungry but we couldn't eat until  we   got back  home due to your  restaurant's  new  cook   being ill .
The truth is the night wasn't my perfect night out as you  had advertised  so I would appreciate  it  if you could give  me  my money back.
I wait to  receive  a prompt answer from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I had always thought that I could rely on her whatever my problem was. Yet, one  extremely  hot day while I was  peacefully  walking by the sea and thinking about my own problems ,  I discovered my elder brother's girlfriend with another boy.
At first I felt really annoyed and disappointed so I  ran  to my brother in order to  tell  him what I had seen.
Nevertheless, when I found him studying  hard  for his final exams I realised I would rather  his  girlfriend  told  my poor brother the truth.
But the thing is I needed to speak to someone about  this   event  so I could feel more relaxed.
I didn't know who  to tell        but  eventually  I decided that if I needed to tell someone a secret I  could  trust    my best friend Pat.
So, the next day, I nervously came to Pat's  apartment  where she had been living on her own since she was eighteen.
After that, she felt  very  sad because of the love she had been feeling for my brother for several years and she swore  to  me that she was going to  tell nobody about it .
However, the truth was that  no  sooner had I arrived home than my brother asked me ,  crying ,  why I had  told Pat about his girlfriend's affair  instead of  revealing the truth to him .
Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing to make a complaint about the Circle Theatre. I recently went there to see the musical show "Over the Rainbow". I was very  disappointed  to find out that most of the things said in the advertisement for the show were not true.
For example, the advertisement said that Danny Brook would be the lead actor, but he was not. Instead, there was this unknown actor  who gave  a very bad performance and  had  a terribly annoying voice. Moreover, the play did not start at the time it was supposed to. I had to wait for  forty-five  minutes. All the waiting made me quite hungry, so I was expecting to have good meal at the theatre restaurant after the show. However, it was closed for cleaning.
All these problems spoiled my evening and frustrated me, since I was expecting to see a good play, so I expect a full refund. By the way, why weren't any discounts available for the tickets, as    was  promised  in the advertisement?
I look forward to hearing from you and having my money back.
Yours faithfully,
The New Modern Life
Modern technology and science have changed my life in many ways.  Easy  access to information and the new ways of communicating with other people help me save time that I can spend doing whatever I want to.
Of all the recent technological advances, the one that  has had  the  greatest  impact on my life  is  the Internet. It provides you  with  all the information you want. I don't watch the news on television anymore, because I can use my computer to read only the things that interest me.
Mobile phones are another thing that  are  making my life much easier. They allow you to talk to other people no matter where you are. This can be very useful when you have a problem that needs an immediate solution.
All these things save me lots of time. I get to rest more and spend more time at home, and so they make me a happier person. For the next  few  years, we can expect many more  technological advances  that will continue making our lives easier.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you, because I would like to disagree with your  advertisement  for the show 'over the Rainbow'.
I would like to tell you that I was really disappointed with my evening     at  your theatre. At first when I came I hoped to see Danny Brook on the stage, but there was  a  totally different actor. As it is said in  the   advertisement  the show starts at 19.30 but I had to stay outside for 45 minutes, because  according to  the programme it started at 20.15, but that  is  not the end of the story ;  in your  advertisement  it is clearly said that you have discounts available on tickets . That  was not true! I was  still not  very disappointed, because I hoped that I  would  have a good meal with  a  glass of wine in the restaurant,  which I could have  according to your  advertisement  ,  but what  I did   not   realise , it was closed, because the chef was in    hospital.
I did not have a perfect evening at all and I would like to ask you to return my money   .
Yours faithfully,
Sasha Comatova.
 Every day  we keep in touch  via  technology. We have microwaves that help us to  make  our  meals  quickly, we have hairdryers to dry our hair in 15 minutes, we have different things that  make  our  lives  easier.
I use different technological things  every day . Such as  a  mobile phone that helps me to communicate   with anyone in the world, even if I am not at home ;  I use  a  stereo   if I want to listen to my favourite music ;  I use tapes, CDs, hairdryers,  etc . I think that all these things  have made  my life much easier. Many years ago people didn't have an  opportunity  to use all these things and they had to work a lot. I am very happy that with all  the  technology that we have we don't have to work as much as they did,  doing things  like  washing  plates and cups after meals . My   dishwasher  will do that for me, and I don't have to wash my clothes ,  my washing machine does it better. Of course it is a bit sad that machinery is taking over  from  humans and of course it makes me lazy. However ,  now I have more freedom, free time, and privacy.
Santiago, June 17th, 200
Dear Sir,
I am  writing  this letter because I am very  disappointed  with your musical show. I recently went to London on vacation, with some friends. We were told that this was a great show, and we decided to see how it was. If the show was as good as we were told we should save our final night for it, this was going to be the end of our vacation, a great one ,  by the way.
When our final day arrived, we went  shopping  in the morning and then we went to the hotel to change our clothes and get ready for the show.
When we arrived,  there  were a lot of people, the  place  was  beautiful , all seemed perfect. When we  entered  the place our problems  began . First, there were no  discounts  on the tickets but that was fine. Then, the show had a great delay, almost an hour ;  we  dealt  with that too. After that they changed the principal actor, the one that replaced him was very bad, that made us  really  angry. But that isn't all, to complete this tragedy the restaurant was closed.
I hope that you understand  why  I want my money back, or at least some of it, because this  wasn't  my "perfect evening out"
How has  modern  technology changed my daily life? I think that technology  has   changed  my life and  everybody's  life in many ways. Nowadays, technology is everywhere, all over your house, your school,  office  or any place you can be in a city. This technology has  helped  to  make  my life easier and more exciting, but like  everything   it   has  had some negative  aspects .
This technology has  helped  in many fields, like medicine,  entertainment , work and other  things , so it has  obviously   changed  the  lives  of many people.
The bad  consequences  that this could have are  unimportant , in  comparison  with all the good things  it   has  done, so let's  not  focus on the negative aspects of it.
I think technology has become a part of our  lives , so we have to learn how to live in this new world,  which  is changing as fast as computers change. This is a new era, an era for a new  type  of people, the  future  people
DEAR SIR,
I AM WRITING TO COMPLAIN ABOUT A MUSICAL    THAT IS TAKING  PLACE   (IN*/AT)  THE CIRCLE THEATRE. I WAS WORRIED WHEN I SAW THE ADVERTISEMENT  (OF*/FOR)  THE  MUSICAL  IN A NEWSPAPER ON SUNDAY.
THE FIRST PROBLEM WAS WHEN I READ  WHO WAS  STARRING. IT SAID: 'DANNY BROOK'. BUT, WHEN I WAS WATCHING THE PLAY, I REALISED THAT  IT  WAS A DIFFERENT ACTOR AND, REALLY, I WAS DISAPPOINTED. ANOTHER PROBLEM WAS THE TIME THAT I HAD TO WAIT. I THOUGHT IT  WOULD  BE AT 19.30 AND I  WAITED  FOR  FORTY-FIVE  MINUTES!! BESIDES THIS, I COULD NOT  GO TO  THE RESTAURANT IN THE THEATRE BECAUSE IT WAS CLOSED. IN  ADDITION  TO THIS, I DID NOT HAVE ANY DISCOUNT  (IN*/ON)  MY TICKET. SO, I HAD TO PAY A LOT OF MONEY TO SEE A PLAY THAT WAS A  COMPLETE  DISASTER.
TO SUM UP, I DID NOT  HAVE  A PERFECT EVENING. I THINK THAT IT WAS THE WORST I HAVE EVER HAD.  TO CONCLUDE , I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MY MONEY BACK.
YOURS FAITHFULLY
MANUELA BELABARA
JUST BE YOURSELF
IN   THE FUTURE   PEOPLE WILL BE WEARING FASHIONABLE CLOTHES LIKE NOW. PEOPLE WILL BE VERY WORRIED ABOUT WHAT THEY WEAR.
 ON THE ONE HAND , THERE WILL BE PEOPLE WHO  WILL  WEAR FASHIONABLE CLOTHES.  THESE  PEOPLE WILL BE WORRIED ABOUT WHAT THEY LOOK LIKE. ON THE OTHER HAND, THERE WILL BE  FEWER  PEOPLE WHO  WILL  WEAR WHATEVER THEY LIKE.
NOWADAYS, PEOPLE  ALWAYS SEEM TO BE  WORRIED. ALL THE TIME THEY ARE ASKING   WHAT    THEY  LOOK  LIKE AND THEY WASTE A LOT OF MONEY  (IN*/ON)  CLOTHES.
ON THE WHOLE, CLOTHES WILL     NOT  CHANGE. IN MY OPINION, PEOPLE WILL  ATTACH  IMPORTANCE TO HOW THEIR  PERSONALITIES  DEVELOP AND THEY WILL GIVE UP WORRYING ABOUT WHAT THEY WEAR. THEY WILL HAVE ENOUGH MONEY TO BUY WHAT THEY NEED AND TO BE HAPPY WITH IT.
Dear Sir,
I would like to complain about the show which you presented    last  Saturday . It was such  a  disappointing evening out with my friend during our    week's holiday in London. We have had a quite pleasant time except  for   that  evening. Actually it spoiled our time. So I would like to get back our money.
These are some points I want  to mention  about the  differences  between  what  the advertisement said and the realities.
First, I had a great expectation to see Danny Brook  playing  his role, but he had never shown up that night. The main actor was an unknown actor. It was  such a   disappointment .
Second, it  only started  at 20:15. It was 45 minutes later than it  was supposed  to be. It was     so   boring  to wait  for  the show in a noisy and hot theatre.
Third, there was no possibility of  a  discount. The girl  who  sold the tickets was laughing at me when I  mentioned  about  how  the discounts availability was written in the advertisement.
 Fourth , the theatre restaurant was closed. There was a  note  on the door saying that    painting was going on  that  weekend. How could you arrange work like that?
Finally ,  the sentence  that  was written    on the advertisement was absolutely not true. It was  the  most imperfect evening out I ever  experienced .
I  hope  that you can provide a better service next time, and this time you need  to give  back the money we paid.
Sincerely
Yu Phu Tung.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Since I moved to London to study English I have had a hard time  making  intimate  friendships  with people around me.
First it was because of the culture difference. It took quite  a  long time to adjust  (in*/to)  the  multi culture  in the language  institute . Secondly the language ability was another issue. Even  if  I could meet some friend,    I couldn't express my  heat  to them  because  we have different  backgrounds  and our first  languages  were different.
I really wished to have a friend  with whom I   could  share everything  that  is going  on  in our lives. Finally I met Pat. She was  such a  wonderful person in our class. She tried to help others when they  had   a  difficult time at school. One day she realized that I was always    outside of  the  circle.
One day she invited me to her flat. Since then we have visited each other often and spent time together  (in*/on)   the  weekend  usually . We had a fantastic time together for three  months .  We could even  make a trip to Paris in the school holiday! We had many common interests in music, art and books.
I thought that I  had  found a good friend in my life. So I told her everything about my life. There were some stories I never told anyone before, but I  shared  with her all my secrets.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.  A few  days  after  I told her about my secret love story, it became    top gossip among my  classmates . It was a nightmare!
Dear  Sir  or Madam,
I am writing to express my  disappointment   (about*/with)  the play "over the rainbow" ,  which is  showing  at  the  Circle Theatre.
First of all, the advertisement for the show announced Mr. Danny Brook as the principal actor. Surprisingly, he never appeared on the stage   during the play. Therefore, the theatre or the company is lying. Secondly, the show started one hour  and  fifteen  minutes   late . We arrived at the theatre  (in*/on)  time and we had to wait all that time until the show began. Finally, when I asked about the discounts, an  aggressive  employee refused to answer me. He stayed looking at me and laughing. It was incredible. The evening was a horrible surprise, completely different from  what was promised  in the advertisement.
 Definitely , I want my money back as soon as possible.
I am looking forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully
"Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets." I knew that but I would prefer to trust her so I told  her  everything about Lynne Harter, our new  classmate  at school. However, I have to admit that I told her my own opinion. Well,  that  was the beginning of my tragedy. So, I told Pat that Lynne was ugly, fat like a cow, and extremely  aggressive . But I couldn't shut my mouth .  I continued: "You can't believe it ,  Pat, she wears trousers like  a   man  and green flowery blouses . " Of course, my friend and I were laughing  (during*/for)  half an hour. Two days  later , when Pat came back to my school ,     she met Mr Harter, our head teacher, she told  him  everything about Ann1.  At precisely that moment  I realized that I had forgotten to tell her that Ann was Mr Harter's niece. I know it's my fault. But, well,  the  unhappiness started with Pat and my  revealed  secrets.
Dear manager,
I am writing this letter to inform you that the advertisement for the musical show  appeared  with wrong information.
Firstly, the actors were different from the ones    in the advertisement ,  which was very disappointing for me. Furthermore, according to the advertisement  it  was supposed to begin at 14.30 and 19.30 but it started at 20.15. Moreover, when I bought the tickets I was expecting discounts  to be  available, however, there were no discounts available and the tickets were more expensive than the price  published  in the advertisement.
When the show ended I went to visit the theatre restaurant .  I could not get in because it was closed as the  restaurant's chef  was not there.
I did not have a perfect evening out and I would like to have my money back.
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Sincerely,
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Technology has changed our life forever. Nowadays life is much easier than in the old days.
Firstly, we can cook our meals  on  an electrical stove or in a microwave and it takes just a few minutes to get ready. We do not need to  light   a  fire in order to cook as in the old days.
Secondly,    doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way . By  using  special  machines doctors have  been  able to save more lives than in the past.
 Those  who need to travel in order to  do  business with other people abroad can fly by plane and arrive  (in*/at)  their destination safely or have their problems solved  via  telephone.
To sum up, technology has been a great help to all of us. In the future, it will be able to help people even more since it has been  advancing      day by day .
17 June 2000
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about a musical show on  the   10th  of June, and I was very  disappointed .
I was promised that the  star  was Danny Brock but when I was there I saw     another   star  that was completely  different  from <NS type="M"></NS> your  brochure . To make the matter worse, I  had travelled  to London to see this famous  star  but I didn't see any shows  (of*/with)   him . It  makes  me a bit angry.
According  (in*/to)  your  brochure ,  the show would start  at 19.30 p.m. but it  started  at 20.15 p.m. I wanted to sleep and  it was  very  annoying . More than that, when I bought the ticket I didn't get any  discount . I had to pay full  price .
I was promised that after  the  show I could go to  the  theatre restaurant but due to  the show   starting  late  it   also  finished late ,  therefore, when I went to the restaurant they were   definitely   closed. I was very hungry and tired. You said that it was a perfect evening out but it wasn't like that.
I would like  you  to refund some  of my  money   . I paid  £ 50.00 for the show  .  I also have a  receipt  to prove it. I would like you to give my money back as soon as possible.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Phukana Najee
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I have a really good    friend , Pat who I  trusted  and counted on   . I have  known  her for five years.  And  we     loved  each other very much.
One day, I  fell  in love with  my  closest  friend . I went out with him sometimes and we were happy. My  boyfriend  was very handsome, clever and very polite. We were  studying   (at*/in)  the same class at school and he also  knew  Pat as well. Personally, I wanted to keep  it   secret  because I  was  afraid that we might  split  up. And I would like to make sure that he     really   loved  me. My  boyfriend  told me that he wanted to surprise his  friend  in his class when  the time came .
To be honest, I wanted to share this  feeling   (to*/with)  someone else but I needed to keep  it  very secret. I felt unhappy sometimes.
One day I decided to tell my best  friend  - Pat ,  who I  relied on    . I told her everything  about  my  boyfriend  and when we  met  each other and  eventually      fell  in love. After I told her I felt my feeling had been released and I was happy. I also told her to keep  it  very secret and   not  tell anyone in the class.
On Monday morning, I walked into the class and all of my  friends   were  shouting at me and  calling  my name and <NS type="MV"></NS> my  boyfriend . I was  very   embarrassed  and I wanted to  run  out of the class.
I felt very angry  (to*/with)  Pat and I shouldn't have told her about my  boyfriend . I felt regret but  it was  too late . It  wasn't  a  secret  anymore  now.
Dear sir,
I bought a ticket for the "Over the Rainbow" musical show last Saturday, but I felt very disappointed with it. It was announced that there would be discount tickets available, but there were not. The show should have started at 19.30, but it  was  delayed forty-five minutes. And,    worst of all: Danny Brook was not on stage. He was replaced by a novice actor who  gave  a very disappointing performance. Last, the theatre restaurant was closed because there was a serious leak in a  pipe  and the kitchen was flooded.
I think there are sufficient reasons for  giving   my  money back. I just wanted to have a pleasant evening out and I could  never   have imagined  that there would be so many  problems .
I really expect that you  will  consider my arguments and  pay  me back the value of the ticket, as soon as possible.
Yours Sincerely,
Several technological advances in the past five years have changed my daily life. Nowadays, I feel    entirely linked to these innovations, and I would find it hard to live without them.
 The  Internet is certainly the most  obvious  of all these innovations. Information is spread quickly and you can access in minutes a wide range of data,  which  would take a much longer time  if it had  to be found by traditional means. For a shy person, like me,  the  Internet has another  attraction : the  opportunity  of knowing people and making friends worldwide. It's very exciting. Currently, I exchange e-mails with dozens of people all over the country.
 A cellular  phone can be inconvenient sometimes, but it can be very useful in certain situations: when your car  has  broken  down  on the road, when you need to be found anywhere and at any time (if you are a doctor, a lawyer or a journalist, for instance), and so forth.
Modern technology  has created  other  conveniences : I can pay my bills at any time and do not need to wait  (on*/in)  a big queue to be attended by the  teller , I can exchange photos and videos via computer, I can do business and make money at home, and so on.
SOLES LEDIA
CI HACIA DE LOREDES
MADRID
THE CIRCLE THEATRE
LONDON
Dear Sir,
I am writing  to  you to complain about the musical show which took place    last 1st of May  (in*/at)  "the Circle Theatre" in London. Your show was supposed to be one of the best that I had ever seen. At first sight the theatre was gorgeous .  I was surprised  (of*/at)  its facade and also I was anxious  to see  the beginning of the performance.
My friends and  I  thought that it would be the perfect night  out  in London but everything changed when the show  was delayed  more than forty-five minutes.
Although we had problems at the entrance with the tickets, we looked forward  (for*/to)   a  marvellous night. The prices that our travel agency confirmed  for  us were not the same as the  ones charged at the  theatre . We  asked for our special discount for  being  students  (with*/of)  less than eighteen years but we only obtained a  rude  answer  (of*/from)  the woman who sold the tickets.
In addition to this, we realized when the show began that the main character was not Danny Brook.
 On top of everything  the restaurant was closed and we could not eat  (on*/at)  the theatre.
You can imagine how upset we were and we  ask  you for     some   compensation  for the night that we spent  at your theatre .
Yours  faithfully 
Nowadays we think  (in*/of)     modern technology as something usual in our lives.
 For instance  with the  arrival  of  the  Internet, the new digital television  and  the researchers in     medicine  ,  we are discovering how we can change our lives  with only   the  press  of  a  button , or look for something new  (with*/by)  only  thinking  about it... we realize that the new technology     has  just begun  to advance , and  it is   likely  in a few years we will be very  advanced  in this way.
 In my opinion  the new  technologies  have more advantages than disadvantages . My  reasons for saying  this   are   that     we can live better, we    also have more ways of  knowing  now to live  healthily  and how to  spend  our free time.
Although    technology  is also  used     to create  new types of  weapon  and also     to kill  people,  that  is only the worst part of  it .
But however<NS type="MP"></NS> it is a good idea to spend  our  money  (in*/on)     new enterprises which pay    researchers     who  could investigate how  we could   improve  ourselves.
Dear Sir or Madam:
I am writing to complain about the show that I saw the other day  (in*/at)  your theatre.
I am afraid  that  I think that the show was not as good as I expected: the  reasons  were many.
- Danny brook did not  appear  and I wanted to see him.
- the show started at 20:15 and not at 19.30. Please check your times because many people had to leave  (at*/in)  the middle of the show.
- When the musical finished I was  terribly  hungry so I decided to have something to eat but the restaurant was closed and the  advertisement  said that it would be open.
In conclusion ,  that evening was not "my perfect evening out" so I want you to refund  my  money.
I look forward to your reply.
Yours Faithfully,
Manuel Juan Sargo
 Modern  technology has changed my life in many  different  ways: But this "modern technology" has advantages and disadvantages.  On the one hand  we have the advantages ;     new technology  allows  you  to do  many things like  flying ,  seeing  in the dark, or  it can  even save your life when you are almost dead. But  on the other hand  we have the disadvantages.  Technology  makes your life easier but    for how long ? For example, the car was developed  (by*/through)     modern technology . It  makes your life easier but also  more  "dangerous". Why? Because too many cars  means  too much CO2 in the air. And  everyone   knows  that CO2 is a very dangerous gas for all  kinds  of animals. To summarize, the modern technologies give  you  and  allow  you  to do   many  things  which  would be impossible in  the past  but also  creates     many problems.
17 June, 2000
Dear Sir or Madam,
I visited your theatre a couple of days ago in order to see the musical show titled 'Over The Rainbow'. I was not  satisfied  with the show at all because it was very different from the  description  your advertisement had  given .
First, I expected to see Danny Brook but a different actor appeared without any explanation  being given . Secondly, although the show started at 20:15, your theatre restaurant closed at the usual time and I was not able to eat dinner. I had planned to have dinner there after the show. What is worse, the ticket price was not reduced despite the fact that I showed my student ID. Visiting your theatre should have been the most pleasant  event  during my holiday in London. I do hope you will understand my feelings and send  me some of my  money back.
Faithfully yours,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I had known that but I  told her my secret , which was a big mistake.
It was just an  ordinary  day. Somehow I felt like sharing my secret with her and told her that the new pop singer who was very popular among girls was my cousin. Pat was very surprised but soon she began asking me lots of questions about him. I didn't mind telling her about my cousin . Actually  he isn't different from other boys at all . He   is just  sweet-looking.  The next  day, I went to school as usual and  was  agog at  the  large number of girls waiting for me around my  locker . They all seemed to want to be my best friend, and only Pat seemed to be happy to be my best friend.
Now I'm asking my cousin either to meet my friends, or to quit being a singer right now.
17/06/00
mr. MANAGER
MY NAME  is  JAMES CAMIREZ AND  I AM  WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME  COMPLAINTS   REGARDING  THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT.
FIRST OF ALL ,   (ON*/IN)  THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE SHOW IT  SAID  THAT THE ACTOR WAS GOING TO BE DANNY BROOK AND INSTEAD OF HIM  THERE  WAS A TOTALLY UNKNOWN CLOWN THAT HAD NO IDEA OF HOW TO ACT .  IT WAS HORRIBLY DISAPPOINTING!
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY  STATES  THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30, AND I GOT  REALLY  MAD WHEN I  LOOKED   AT  MY WATCH AND  NOTICED  THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 (FORTY) MINUTES AND THE SHOW  HADN'T   STARTED  YET...I MEAN  IT  WAS  AMAZING !
THEN I READ  (ON*/IN)  THE ADVERTISEMENT,  " DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE " , AND I DIDN'T  GET  ANY DISCOUNTS WHEN I ASKED FOR THEM.
AFTER THE SHOW I GOT OUT  OF  THE  SHOW ROOM  DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED AND WENT TO THE RESTAURANT TO DRINK SOMETHING TO RELAX, AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT?.. IT WAS CLOSED! I COULDN'T  BELIEVE  IT .  HOW  CAN THIS CLASS OF THEATRE  BE SO .. OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO  I AM  GOING TO TELL YOU  ONE  LAST THING, IT WAS THE  MOST  HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER  HAD  SO I  DEMAND     MY MONEY BACK!
I THINK THAT MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ALL    HUMAN BEINGS. MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS  AFFECTED  ME IN SEVERAL WAYS .  I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY  ADVANCES ;  THE  MORE   COMFORT COMFORTABLE  WE GET. NOW WITH MODERN MACHINES I CAN MAKE    BETTER USE OF MY TIME .  IF  I AM  LATE TO GO TO TRAINING AND I  HAVEN'T   EATEN  YET I JUST TAKE MY FOOD AND PUT IT IN THE  MICROWAVE OVEN . ANOTHER EXAMPLE IS    COMPUTERS .  I THINK THEY ARE  SOME  OF THE MOST ADVANCED  MACHINES  IN THE WORLD .  YOU CAN LIVE YOUR ENTIRE LIFE IN A HOUSE WITHOUT GOING OUT,  JUST BY  USING THE INTERNET .  IT HAS ALSO HELPED ME  (IN*/WITH)  MY    HOMEWORK .  I MEAN IT'S INCREDIBLE THE TIME YOU  WASTE  BY  DOING   SOMETHING  WITHOUT A COMPUTER. BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A  PASSIVE  PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE .  THIS CAN BE BAD  TOO  BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO  BEING   COMFORTABLE  ,  WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD  WORK  I WON'T BE ABLE TO   .
Dear  Sir ,
I am writing from Paris where I live. My wife  and  I spent a couple of days in London two weeks ago. We were really pleased because it was our first time in England.
We asked our travel agent to organise our trip. My wife and I are both  fond  of theatre,  musicals  especially. It is so rare to see  musicals  in Paris that we decided to book two seats for "Over the rainbow".
We were very disappointed! Of course, the show didn't start on time. No reasons or excuses were given. Our travel agent told us that it would be cheaper to purchase our tickets directly  (in*/from)  the theatre. But, in fact, there were no discounts available. And we had to pay £20  a  seat.
The worst was to come. The great Danny Brooks was supposed to be the main character. But, instead of him, we saw an unknown actor (who really  needs  singing lessons).
After the show we had planned to go to the theatre restaurant. But it was closed. Perhaps it was a  stroke of  luck!
So we want you to give us our money back, the show  wasn't  worth the price.
Yours faithfully,
And now, I was wondering if I had not made a mistake. My brother was too talkative!
Two days before, I told him that our father was about to buy a brand new car. And he did not want our mother to be informed. It was supposed to be a gift for twenty years of marriage. A car only for her.
The first thing Pat did was to tell our young sister the secret. And, less than five minutes later, our mother knew the whole thing. Her reaction was not the one we were expecting.  Obviously  she was not surprised, but she was  certainly  angry. Really angry!! She thought it was a stupid idea, and also an expensive one. According to her, this car would have been useless. She suspected our father  wanted  to please himself.
Then, we decided to  give  her a red bicycle. It was the colour my father had chosen for the car!
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show advertised in your latest leaflet.
First of all, I would like to say that it was the worst performance I had ever seen and it disappointed me very much.
Although your advertisement stated that the main actor would be Danny Brook, it was not him and a different man  appeared, who  was not prepared for the role.
Secondly,  your  advertisement stated that the second show should start at 19:30.  This  was not true because the audience had to wait until 20:15.
Then, I did not get a discount and I had to buy a full-price ticket, although I am not  an  adult yet.
Finally, I was hungry after waiting for the show and wanted to order something to eat.  This  was, however, impossible because the theatre restaurant was closed for unknown reasons.
I would like you then to send the money back to me because I did not enjoy the show at all and the ticket  cost  a fortune.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
She heard from her friend Jon that Paul, the worst pupil at school, had thrown an enormous frog inside the desk of Miss Colston, their English teacher.
Miss Colston was an old woman, who wanted her pupils to understand and admire English novels and poems.
But the children were bored during her lessons and Paul was very disappointed that she didn't read any funny stories.
So he decided to scare the old woman away from school. Now he thought it was stupid to tell Jon about it, as he was the best friend of Pat. "Oh, that girl will cause some problems" - he thought when Miss Colston entered the classroom. She approached the desk and wanted to open it, but suddenly Pat shouted - "Miss Colston, please, don't do that. There's a frog". The teacher stared at the whole class and calmly whispered - "Who did it?"
"Oh, God" - thought Paul - "the next time I will throw a frog  (inside*/into)  Pat's rucksack."
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical   , OVER THE RAINBOW, and also about the  service .
When I went to London, during my holiday, I decided to go to the theatre to see a musical   , OVER THE RAINBOW.
During and also after the show lots of disappointing  things   happened .
Firstly, it was not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove who acted, it was someone else.
 Secondly , in your advertisement I  had read  "Times 14.30 and 19.30". In fact the show started  at  20:15
Thirdly, I also read "Visit our theatre restaurant after the show", but the restaurant was closed because  it was being   painted .
Last but not least, it also  said  "discounts available", but there  were  not any staff there who could  provide   them .
So I am sure that you will understand why I feel so frustrated and disappointed about the whole thing.
I look  forward  to hearing from you in the very near future, to offer me  my  money back.
Yours faithfully
Maris Svensson
"Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets." I was reading when I suddenly  heard  a big bang. I looked out through the window and saw a big strange "thing". It looked like a floating potato, a brown potato. After that a being  climbed  out  (from*/of)  the potato. It looked at me and said.
"I am  here  to help you. I only need to touch your teacher and you never need to do any homework again."
I could not  believe  my ears. It was the happiest moment of my life.
I went back to my chair and when I looked up I saw my  head teacher  walking through the door with the being  (after*/behind)  him. The being moved its hand  forward  and.....
Then I felt a big pain in my head and heard ,  "You can't sleep in the lesson". I looked up and saw my friend with the  course book  in her hand.  Immediately  after I heard ,  "And don't forget your homework". I looked at the book and read:
"Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets"
AUTHORITIES OF THE CIRCLE THEATRE:
I'M WRITING  TO  YOU BECAUSE I WANT YOU TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED LAST WEEK, WHEN I WENT TO THE CIRCLE THEATRE AND I SAW "OVER THE RAINBOW". IT WAS REALLY DISAPPOINTING.
FIRST OF ALL, IN YOUR  ADVERTISEMENT   YOU  SAID THAT DISCOUNTS WERE AVAILABLE, BUT I COULDN'T FIND THEM  AVAILABLE  ANYWHERE. SECONDLY...THE PLAY STARTED AT QUARTER PAST EIGHT:  FORTY-FIVE  MINUTES LATE. WHEN IT STARTED I COULD SEE THAT DANNY BROOK WASN'T IN THE PLAY, AND NOBODY TOLD US WHY. THE ACTOR WHO WAS ACTING HIS PART IS THE WORST I HAVE EVER SEEN, REALLY TERRIBLE.  HAD HE  BEEN IN A PLAY BEFORE? I DON'T THINK SO.... FINALLY, WHEN THE PLAY FINISHED, WE WENT TO THE THEATRE RESTAURANT TO HAVE DINNER BUT IT WAS CLOSED. I DON'T KNOW THE REASON  WHY ...
AS YOU CAN SEE ,  IT WASN'T A "PERFECT EVENING".
I WANT YOU TO GIVE ME A  FULL   REFUND . MY  ADDRESS  IS IN THE ENVELOPE. I'M LOOKING FORWARD TO  HEARING  FROM YOU IN  THE VERY NEAR FUTURE .
YOURS SINCERELY.
UNFORTUNATELY, PAT WASN'T VERY GOOD AT KEEPING SECRETS....AND WHEN SHE  FOUND OUT  THAT MARIA WAS GOING OUT WITH TIM (A CLASSMATE), SHE TOLD    EVERYONE SHE MET.  WITHIN   A  FEW DAYS MARIA'S FATHER (WHO IS VERY JEALOUS) HAD HEARD THE RUMOUR. HE ASKED MARIA IF IT WAS TRUE AND SHE COULDN'T LIE. HE GOT VERY ANGRY AND HE DIDN'T ALLOW MARIA  TO GO  OUT FOR A PERIOD OF TWO WEEKS. MARIA TALKED TO HER FATHER AND TRIED TO EXPLAIN  TO  HIM THAT TIM IS A GOOD PERSON BUT HER FATHER SAYS THAT SHE IS TOO YOUNG TO HAVE A BOYFRIEND.
MARIA MET TIM AT NIGHT, WHEN HER FATHER WAS SLEEPING. WHEN MARIA COULD  GO  OUT SHE TOLD    HER FRIENDS WHAT PAT  HAD  DONE. NOW NOBODY TELLS HER  ANYTHING . MARIA IS STILL GOING OUT WITH TIM. HER FATHER ACCEPTED  HIM   AFTER A WHILE .
To the manager of the
Circle Theatre in London
I'm a tourist and I had a week's holiday in London  some  time ago. I had  wanted  to see the musical show that the Circle Theatre presented some  nights  ago; and the  actor  Danny  Brook's  performance. I went to the theatre at 19.30    but,  to my surprise , the show started at 20:15 and so I couldn't remain  there  until the end because I  had   to leave  London, with my group before the end of the show. The star, the actor Danny Brook,    wasn't in the musical show but there was  another  actor,  to my great disappointment .
Then, in the  programme  I could read  about  a discount available  (for*/on)  the tickets, for    groups, but I couldn't  get  that. I couldn't have all the things I expected.
That evening was terrible for me and for my friends, so I'm not satisfied  (about*/with)  your  information  and I ask  for  some money back.
I hope  in your answer and in your explanation  about this.
 Yours  Sincerely
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Some days ago, when    school was  coming to an end , Pat and her friends decided to  throw  a party for their friend, Frances, because the end of the school  term  and    Francis's birthday were  on  the same day. That  should   have been  a secret for Francis - and they decided  on  the  program  and the present, a new gold watch.
Peter and Sue asked    Francis  for  some help  (for*/with)  their  exam   subjects  and Francis,  all week, was too busy to help them . The last day all the friends went to Pat's home with food, musical instruments,  and   a  tape recorder. Pat was very excited about this. In the afternoon she had phoned       Francis's mother and she  told  her the secret, then she phoned    her best friend and she  spoke  about that  again ; she phoned    many people all    day. Now  a lot of  people knew the secret but Pat  told  everyone: "I  will  tell you a small secret, but  don't you  speak  about it , please!"
In the night Francis was invited to the party, at Pat's home. When he was out he needed to buy some cigarettes so he went to the shop where the owner,    his friend,  asked  him if he was very happy about his present, the new gold watch, he was very lucky to have best friends like Pat and her friends.  Francis discovered the secret !
Now  none of Pat's friends  tell her about their secrets because Pat isn't very good at keeping secrets.
Dear Sir,
I'm  writing  this letter to complain about your  fake  advertisement.
You are the theatre's manager so I suppose you are the right person to complain  to .
First of all ,  in your show advertisement  it   says  that Danny Brooks  stars  in the play. But a different actor  was starring  and that was very disappointing ,  not only for me but for all  the  people there.
The show  began   late , much  later  than your advertisement  says , at about 20:15. The show started 45 minutes  late . This made me  feel  bored.
You also  say   (to*/in)  your advertisement that there are some discounts available but there weren't any.
At the end you  said  that    the theatre restaurant <NS type="M"></NS> after the show but  it  wasn't. It  was  closed because of the late start of the show.
 Finally  ,  because I    didn't  have a perfect evening but a very disappointing one, I have the right to ask  for  my money back.
Modern technology  has changed  not only my daily life but also the  lives  of many people.
Now let's talk about me. First of all ,  I don't have to worry  in  the morning  about      missing  the bus because I have my alarm clock to wake me in time. Usually ,   when  I return from school the food is a  little     bit cold so I put it in the microwave to  make   it  hotter.
When I go to sleep after I eat my lunch  ( in my country ,  especially in summer ,   it  is too hot )     I turn on the  air conditioning  with  a  timer so when I  go   to  sleep  it   turns  off by itself.
When I wake up ,  if I don't have homework I sit  (on*/at)  my computer and play different games to  occupy  my time.
 (At*/In)  the evenings before I  go  to bed I sit in the living room and watch TV  via      satellite . When I go to bed ,  because there are many  mosquitoes  ,  I turn on a special machine with  a   battery-like  thing in it which kills them.
I  believe  that modern technology has  positively affected  our lives.
Dear sir,
I'm sorry to tell you   that I'm really disappointed  (of*/with)  your  advertisement  for the musical show  (in*/at)  the Circle Theatre. First of all, I was really looking forward to  seeing  one of my favourite actors Danny Brook in the show, but you had a different actor,  which  disappointed me very much. Also, the show didn't start  (in*/on)  time, it started half an hour  late . And you  had  written in your advert   that there would be discounts available,  which   weren't   available   that  evening. After the show we wanted to visit the restaurant, but it was closed because of  the   painting-works  inside the restaurant. Finally we  did not have   a  perfect evening at all! And  because  of these  circumstances , I would like to have a part of my money back.
I hope you understand my concern.
Yours
 Faithfully ,
Brigitte Beschle
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Because he likes to tease people. So, it was last summer, we were on a short trip with our class to  an   adventure park . We had a lot of fun. Until we came to a big cave, where you could walk through. It was  quite  scary for me, but I said to myself, come on you can do it. I walked  in  first with Pat and two of my friends. But suddenly, there were only Pat and  me  left. We lost the others. So I tried  not to get  in  a  panic, but  had  no chance. I was so worried  I would  not  find  the way out   that I started to scream and cry. First, Pat started to laugh, but as he realized   that I didn't stop crying, he  comforted  me until I  calmed  down. And after a while we found the way out. I  asked  him   not to tell anybody that I cried. He said, ' Sure  ,  no problem'. But next day, back in the classroom, some of the students looked at me and started to laugh. After that  it  was all clear, Pat and secrets.
Dear Manager,
I am writing in order to complain about the Musical   , OVER THE RAIN, I went to see  (to*/at)  the theatre.
In the  advertisement  for the show you said that one of the  stars  was going to be Danny Brook, and to my surprise  there  was a different actor, and  that   really   disappointed  me. Then the show was  supposed  to start at 19.30 hours but it started at 20:15, more than half an hour  late . I  had  read in the  advertisement  that there were some discounts available but there  weren't . And the  theatre restaurant  was being  painted , so I could not go  there    .
As you may  understand  it was not a perfect night and I  was  not pleased with the show  or   even  with  the   service . That is why I am going to ask you  for  my money back. I am  looking  forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
 Technology , are we  prepared  for  these  advances? It  changes  every  day  and I do not know if we will be able to understand it.
 Technology  improves our lives, we have  high-tech equipment  for  cooking , for work, for study, well  nearly  for everything.  Nearly  all of us   today know what  the   Internet is  about, but one or two  years  ago we did not. And when we  understood   the   Internet , we thought that meeting people from other  countries  and  being able  " to chat " with them   was the  height  of     technology . But now we can  even   see   the  face  of the person we are chatting to  .   The  Internet is  amazing .  And  now of  course  there will  be  someone trying to improve it.
 Technology   changes  our daily life, it makes our life  easy  to live and of  course  more  comfortable     with computers,  televisions , radios  et cetera  and  sometimes   safer  ,   as with  medicine.
 Definitely  we should try to understand  technology  . If  we know how to use it,  technology  will improve our way of life.
London, 1st of June 2000
Mister Jones,
I'm Omadar, a  Spanish  male of eighteen years old who is spending  a week's holiday in this town . I decided to  go to  a play at the theatre  of   which  you're the manager to see    "London's newest and best musical show." My opinion?
I had a very disappointing evening. First, Danny Brook  didn't   appear   in  "Over the rainbow" ,  his  part  was played by Danny De Vito. Also, the play started  forty-five  minutes  later  than the  time announced . I can understand that a play can start fifteen minutes late, but not  forty-five . Second, my wife and  I   paid  £20 for the tickets and we asked for discounts. The receptionist who gave me the tickets told me that no discounts were  available  that night. After a boring play, I decided to go  to   the  theatre restaurant, but  peculiarly  it was closed. I decided to go home and  make  some sandwiches. The principal reason    I'm  writing   to  you at the moment is that I want my money back, because I felt so  disappointed  with the theatre and also with the play.
 Yours   sincerely ,
It's a good question, because I  have never asked myself it . I think modern technology is changing  my daily life so much  and also    changing the  lives  of others like me.
Before modern technologies arrived, you  couldn't   communicate  as  easily  as  we can do today .
An example could be the Internet. It changed my life, because with it I can  find  more information than  I can in  a newspaper, and also information  (of*/from)  all around the world,  which   I could never possibly  access without  the  Internet. But,  it  is not only news or information. You can  communicate  with people  (from*/in)   places   where  you  would  never    imagine  going to  because it  would  be too expensive. An  example  could be the popular  chat rooms , where people write with the keyboard what they want to tell. But, if you don't like  using  the keyboard to  say  something or  to communicate , you can use video  conferencing , a  system   which   lets  you    talk with other people simply with a microphone and speakers. Also  there  is the  potential   to download  things to your  PC  like software, pictures and ,  also, music. The modern technologies  mean I   am  able to listen the music I've downloaded with the same quality as a CD, and if I buy a  reproductor , I can  carry  this music     everywhere .
Also computers and mobile phones  have   evolved  thanks to modern technologies. Without this evolution, we  would  probably still  be   (on*/in)     ancient times. Who wants to return to    ancient times? No electricity, no canalized water, no healthy water, no  TVs , no phones, no  PCs .. I'm afraid that the people  (on*/in)     ancient times lived although they  didn't  have  any  of these things, but me and everyone  (of*/in)   these  times, I'm afraid that we wouldn't like  to return  to this life.  Also , I think that modern technologies are necessary, but also I think that  they  are    expensive, but with time, the price goes down. So, if the price goes down  it   is because  something  new is at  available   to sell .  It is  like a     circle .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing to complain about the musical show which is called OVER THE RAINBOW. I saw the show on  the  17th of July.
Firstly, the advertisement claimed  a  discount ticket was available. Although I have a student card for discounts I could not get any discount. So I had to buy a normal ticket.
Secondly, I bought a second musical show ticket which  started  at 19:30 but it started at 20:15. As a result, I had to wait over one hour as I arrived there at 19:00.
Thirdly, your advertisement  said  I could see Danny Brook , who I adore, in the show . When I turned up  for  the show, there was another actor instead of him.
Fourthly, after the show the theatre restaurant was closed because of  its  problems.  But I could go evening out. 
To sum up, I believe your advertisement completely misled  me . So I am fully entitled to ask for  a  refund  except for evening out. 
I hope this matter will  receive  your prompt attention.
yours faithfully
BO-PHAT SUN (MS)
 In recent years , mordern technology has  been developing increasingly . We get many advantages which    improve our  daily lives ,  on the other hand , we  also get  many disadvantages which could harm us.
In my opinion, the main advantage is  the   development  of medical technology. For example, if you were hurt seriously like cutting  your  leg  off , the new medical technology could  rebuild  part of your body. Another advantage is sharing information. The more  developed  the technology is, the quicker and easier international networking is. So at the same time many people can share some information even though they live in different  countries .
In contrast, the technology can cause    pollution. By developing    transport, we can get wherever  we  want to go easily, however it could cause serious air pollution like acid-rain and smog. Also we should be careful as we could be watched by security  cameras  which  have  been combined with  modern  technology.
In  conclusion ,  I conciderly said we has been charged by morder technology  in two  ways . One is  an  advantage and the other is  a  disadvantage. And it will change our lives, also in the future.
Dear manager of the Circle Theatre,
Last night, I  came  to your musical show, "Over the rainbow" ,  and I was very disappointed because it wasn't  like  what you  wrote  in your advertisement. For example, your advertisement said that the  stars  were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, but at the show they were not  there !  There  were Kevin Starr and Jessica Richmond. For me, this a big mistake. This  problem  was not the only one because another problem was  with respect to  the time. Your advertisement said that the show  would  start at 19:30 PM, but it  started  at 20:15 PM. I don't like to  have such big change in time . The third problem was that it was  written  that    discounts were available, but when I  got  there it was not true. The fourth problem was that the theatre restaurant was supposed to be open after the show, but once again it was a lie because the restaurant was closed for renovation.  Finally , I can tell you that I  spent  the worst evening in all my life at your show and that one more time your advertisement lied  to say  "You will have a perfect evening!" After all these  complaints , I am sure that you will understand  why  I would like to have my money back and that I was disappointed last night. So I  wish to hear from you soon .
Yours  sincerely 
Leia Beroni
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Modern technology, such as  computers ,  cars  and other  things ,  have changed  my life in many different ways  such as  communication,  travelling  and working. For example, a car, which is used  (from*/by)  everyone  every day , changed my daily life in the  sense  that I don't need my dad or my mum to go    ice-skating or to go to work. I can do it by myself and for me it is important not only because of    technology, but because I can show that I am  responsible . With this car I can see the world, not exactly, but I can travel and visit other countries  than  Switzerland.
Another  piece of  technology that changed my life is the computer because you can do many things with it ,  like  homework ,  work , photos, but the most important  in my eyes  is    communication with my friends from different parts of the world  via  the web. This  is   a big step for     technology and I can say that it is the most important for me because I like to have a lot of friends. So I spend almost one hour every day on the web.  Finally   the piece of  technology that I would like to  emphasise  is the TV. This is a good one because you can see what is happening around you and everywhere else on Earth. Naturally technology is everywhere even in the kitchen, for example a special plate or  something  else, and I could talk a lot about them, but I think that the one  thing  here  something   is  the most important in     changing     my daily life <NS type="M"></NS>.
Dear Manager,
I am writing to you about the musical Show 'Over the Rainbow' I saw in London last weekend.
To begin with , it was not Danny Book who  acted  in the show, as you  wrote .
Secondly, the time  stated  in your advertisement  said  that it should start  at  19:30, but it did not start before 20.15
And then about the tickets, you  wrote  that  there  were discounts available but  there  were not.
 Finally  when we had seen the Musical, we went to the restaurant and it was closed because they  were doing  some  decorating , and you  wrote  in your advertisement ,  "Visit our theatre restaurant after the show"
We are very disappointed, it was not a perfect evening out for us, therefore we would  like   to have   our  money back.
I  am  looking  forward  to  hearing  from you.
Yours faithfully,
HELGAR Svessen,
Clothes in the future
Clothes  are   a  very interesting  subject  to study. If you  travel  around you can see  a  lot of  difference  still  (from*/between)  different  cultures .
 First  I think that in the future we are going to wear  fewer  clothes because the  climate   is   going to get  warmer and warmer.
Secondly I think we  will be  mixing clothes from all over the world, because we are  travelling   around more and more . And that is nice if you can pick up the best  things  from all over the world, but on the other hand it is not so nice if every  nationality   wears   the   same  type of clothes.
 Finally   in my opinion  I wish we  would   dress     more as  we did  in the past ,   using   natural   material  . We   must  think more about the  environment  and  live  closer to  nature .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm writing to complain about the service  you'd offered  me last Saturday evening at The Circle Theatre.
 I'd  read your advertisement and it didn't  tell  the truth. There weren't any  discounts  available as you'd assured  me  in the  ad . I think you should check the information before  printing  it!
I arrived at the right time (19.30) that evening but the play, which was 'Over The Rainbow', started almost an hour  late . And nobody told me why!
When the play began I realised that the main actor had been  replaced  and the new one wasn't good at all.
I couldn't visit the theatre after the performance because it was closed for  repairs . Why didn't you say something about it?
I didn't have the 'perfect evening out' you'd promised so I want to ask for my money back because your service was terrible.
Please answer my letter as soon as possible. I'll be looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Marcella, Scalia C.
'How Has Modern Technology Changed My Daily Life?'
This is not a simple question because I  have been  used to dealing with technology since I was a child but I'm going to try to explain  to  you how <NS type="M"></NS>.
I didn't have a computer until I was eight. Then my brother and I started to develop a new ability.  (In*/At)  that time I used the computer only to play    video games.
When I was thirteen I discovered a completely different use for my computer. It became  essential  to  doing  my homework. And years later it enabled me to get a very good job.
One day my mother got a terrible disease. She had to be operated on and my family and I were very scared. But when we talked to the doctor we felt more relaxed because he  told  us that the operation was a very simple one.
I think that if my mother had got ill ten years before, she wouldn't  have survived .  Modern  technology is better now than    it used to be.
What do you think about this? I'm sure that these arguments have explained my point of view, haven't they? Now I would like to have your point of view.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I recently visited your theatre to see the musical show "over the rainbow". I was very disappointed because the actors  weren't  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. Instead of them you had different actors. Then the show  was delayed , it started at 20:15, not at 19.30. I had to wait 45 minutes! Another  thing  is that the discounts  weren't  available although I  had   read   about   them   earlier   (at*/in)  your  advert .
After the show was finished, I decided to drink something, but  when  I arrived  (in*/at)  the restaurant it had been closed. But in your advertisement you wrote that people can visit the  restaurant  after the show. I can't understand  this  kind of  mistake .
You  also wrote  that the evening would be perfect. For me it wasn't and because of that I ask you to give me my money back. If you can't give me all the money back then do it  partially .
I  will  give you my phone number, you can reach me from 8 o'clock till 12 o'clock: 08532143251
Please call me back soon.
Yours faithfully
Carolina Schwitt
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Modern technology has changed my daily life in the  sense  that  everything  I do is becoming  easier . For example when I have to write a letter or do my homework, I always write it on the computer. If I search  for  something like a  telephone number  or an  address  I also look it up  (from*/on)  the  Internet . I  also use  the  Internet  when I need any  information  ,  for example  if  I need  some information  for school or  privately  ,  for myself. A few years ago I had to go  (in*/to)  a library and look  things  up in many books.  That  took a long time.
I think the advantage of modern technology is that  everything  I do goes very fast and I have more time for my  hobbies  or for friends.
Another important point for me is that things like listening  to  music or watching TV  sound  better and the pictures on TV are being  improved , because the machines become  better . And also a good  intention  for me is the  mobile , because everywhere I go I can talk to other people.
17.6.2000
Dear Sir,
I am writing     to explain  some problems your theatre has got and  to ask  for some money back.
I saw your advertisement and I expected a discounted ticket for students. But in  the  ticket office I realised I couldn't get it. Another problem was the time. The play was supposed to start at 19.30 but it was delayed ,  so at 20.15  the  curtain of the stage was  raised . As soon as the play had started I noticed another problem. I am a big fan of Danny Book and  that  was why I chose 'over the rainbow'. When I saw a different actor playing his role I was really disappointed.
 The last  problem I would like to tell you  about  is  about   the   restaurant  there. After the show I went to the restaurant according to your advertisement but it was closed  for  decoration.
When I booked the ticket I really  looked forward to  the show. Unlike my expectation it was so disappointing and annoying. So I would like to ask for some money back.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
TA HYUN PHAT
I remember some  I watched on television when I was younger . They  described  the future world where people would travel to the moon. But it is coming true now. Modern technology has been changing even my daily life in positive and negative ways at the same time.
First it helps  to make  my social life     convenient . I have got my own computer so it is easy for me to send e-mails to my friends very often. Second ,  I can save time. If there was no public transport like  the  underground in a big city I couldn't imagine travelling on time.
On the other hand, modern technology could affect my life in a bad way. Because of  computers  or telephones I could have less  opportunities  to meet my friends than before. It could make my emotions fade. Another problem is pollution. I think  the  car is one of the most common products of modern technology. The more cars there are on the street, the more difficult it is for me to keep myself fit.
To sum it up, as technology is improving my life itself is becoming  convenient . In spite of its good sides ,  I think my life could get worse. To live in this world needs somebody else to contact and health. But I am loosing chances to meet my friend face to face and I feel I am getting weaker. I suppose people ,  including me ,  should  keep themselves in a limited their own space in near future.  It will be caused by technology.
Dear Sir or Madam:
I'm writing this letter to complain about some aspects of the musical show "Over the rainbow" ,   which  was  played  in your theatre. It was a very disappointing evening so I ask for my money back.
The first problem we had was that the discounts announced in the advertisement were not available and we had to pay the full  price .
Another problem was that the show started 45 minutes late and I had a surprise when I saw that the main character was not played by Danny Brook, who is one of my favourite actors.
Finally I want to complain about the theatre restaurant. We read that we could visit it after the show but it was closed because the waiters were on strike.
I think that all these problems could have been avoided and that asking  for  my money back is the best way of forgetting that evening.
Yours  sincerely 
Fashion news  is  followed by lots of people.
We want to know what we will have to wear next year but we want to know it now. But have you thought about what kind of clothes we will wear 100 years from now?
People have always looked for the most comfortable clothes for  their  daily  lives . I think that this  tendency  will not change but what will change is life. We tend to  be  a society that wants more free time so people will need more comfortable clothes to enjoy it.
Another important thing will be the use of technology. Scientists are looking for new materials that will  make  our clothes more comfortable  and  stronger. Clothes will have a strong relation to the new technologies ,  and modern devices will be included in our  everyday  clothes.
Fashion reflects the way we live so we can expect that fashion will be connected  (with*/to)  technology and society.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to you to complain about my unpleasant experience of visiting your theatre on May 21st. I had dreamt about visiting the Circle Theatre to see Danny Brook's performance for a long time. As soon as I saw your advertisement in the 'Tourist Guide' issue 46, I decided to go at once.
However, all my expectations failed to  come  true. First of all, I found that no discounts  (for*/on)  tickets were available  although  you mentioned  them  in your advertisement. Next, the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30. And, finally, right before the  start  they announced that Danny Brook  would  not be in the show that evening. So he was replaced by another actor. After the show I was not  surprised  at all to  learn  that the theatre restaurant was closed for redecoration.
 As a whole , I have to say that I got something completely different from what I had expected to get. In connection with that I ask you to refund the money I paid for my tickets. I really hope it will not take you long to settle the matter.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
 Undoubtedly , modern technology  has changed  my daily life. And the best word I can  use   to describe  all the changes    is " drastic ". Every aspect of my life is being constantly  influenced  by achievements of science and technology - health, work, household, interaction with other people, etc.
Among the greatest inventions of man I  come   across   daily  are  the  telephone, computer and automobile. At any time of  the  day I may contact any person  (at*/in)  any part of the world over  the  phone. It takes me less than a minute to get in touch with my friend Nigel living in Australia -  thousands   of   kilometres   away  from me.  The computer , probably the must versatile invention, allows me to get    access to  huge   informational  sources through the  Internet , to  do  shopping without leaving my house, to do my work more effectively and quickly.  The automobile  saves  me  time when I'm travelling.
All the above and many other achievements of modern technology make my life more convenient, comfortable, effective and fun. But  that  is not the end. Scientists continue  research  into new technologies, such as lasers, digital technology,  and   genetic  engineering. And I'm sure all those will set new ,  better standards for my way of living.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I  am writing  to you to complain about the dreadful evening I had when I went to see your show at the Circle Theatre  on  the 9th  June .
To start with ,  the famous actors Danny Brook and Tina Truelove didn't perform as  advertised . They were replaced by some unknown actors who had certainly never performed  in  a musical. If I had only one reason to ask you for my money back; it would be  this .
But to add to this I had to  join  a long queue to get a  full-price  ticket when    I had brought my student card  (on*/for)  the purpose of getting  the  discount which had been advertised but didn't in fact exist.
The show which was to start at 19.30 only began at 20.15 and therefore  I  and my friends weren't able to find a restaurant when we had to because the theatre restaurant was closed  (on*/for)  sanitary reasons.
For this  disappointment  and  your   inaccurate  advertisement and for all the given reasons, I ask you for  a  refund of five pounds per ticket.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. This  trait  didn't allow you to tell him much about yourself. He wasn't really wicked, he merely didn't understand  when  to keep his mouth shut, especially at school where every little unimportant thing about your  so-called  "private life" runs three laps around the schoolyard before you learn it although you are the most concerned about it and didn't even know.
Well, some people just don't care, some are bothered and feel ill at ease. But  a  small drama can grow  out of proportion  as children are very sensitive.
There is one point I want to make clear, I don't begrudge Pat anything. I believe this is a rule of society, it's a sort of group behaviour, and belongs to    childhood and the teenage  years . We all speak or have spoken of our neighbours, family, classmates, workmates, friends in bad terms. That is only human.
 In my opinion  what is more  regrettable  is when    we  grown-ups  continue    this bad habit. The  critical  spirit has to be preserved but we must keep our secrets. What allows us to reveal parts of someone  else's   private life  ?   Nothing .
16th November 2000
Dear Sir
I'm writing to complain about an evening I spent in your theatre  seeing  a musical show. According to your brochure, it was supposed to be the perfect evening out; instead of that I had a very disappointing evening.
Firstly, the actors weren't those announced. Indeed, instead of Danny Brook and Tina Truelove ,  we had  poor  actors.
As for the  time , the show was supposed to begin at 19.30 whereas in reality it began at 20.15.
Likewise, there were no discounts  available .
To end,  instead of  being  open , the restaurant was closed for  renovation .
Because of all  these   inconveniences , I ask you  for  a total refund. I'm sure you will accept my request; if not I intend to take legal  action  against your company. You may contact me at my home address whenever you wish.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
So when Caroline, his girlfriend, told him something personal and very important ,  because she trusted in him ,   immediately  he  went  to see one of his  friends  to tell him the secret. When poor Caroline arrived at school on Wednesday morning all the students  (of*/in)  her class knew about what she had  said just  the day before to Pat.
So  immediately  she went  (towards*/to)  Pat, angry, in order to argue with him, saying that she was annoyed by the way he behaved, and that it wasn't the first time that he wasn't capable of keeping a secret. After a long conversation they eventually decided to split up.
Because of his behaviour,  Pat is now  alone and nobody  trusts     him.
To the Manager of the theatre
Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing in order to tell  you   about   something  that happened to me at the theatre . At   the   time  I felt  astonished  ,  thinking   : "How  can  an important theatre have problems like this ? " But, Yes.
First the  star  was going to be Danny Brook, but then another man took his place .  I couldn't believe it . You   can't   replace  Danny Brook, a very important artist, and put a  novice      in his place . It was very disappointing.
Secondly, It was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15. Yes, 45 minutes !  I want to see you in that  position . What would you do? I felt like a  fool , and all the  audience  felt  as   I did .
And well, don't talk about the discounts, because they didn't exist. More than that, the restaurant was closed because it was  (on*/under)   repair .
 At end , I could see that the advertisement said ,  "Your perfect evening out" . It  wasn't the perfect evening . Now  I'm looking for a  lawyer , because I want my money back,  if don't well you know the end of this story .
Faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, because one day when Maria, her sister, was walking to    school, a car stopped  (at*/beside)  her and a man said ,  "I know who is your  lover , it's Peter".
Maria  spent  all    day thinking about who told them that . There  were two  possibilities : one ,  her best friend Becca ,  or  her  sister Pat.
But the problem began to  get worse  because all her friends knew her secret. It was like a "chain reaction", until Maria didn't want to go to school  anymore  . Her  mother talked to her, but there was no  case  . She  was very angry and hurt.
One day, at  her  house, she listened  to  Pat talking with a friend and Maria realised that Pat  had told  everything, because they were talking about a secret of another friend. But there was a problem  -  how to  say  it to Pat, in a good or in a bad way . She  decided for the good one.
Obviously, Pat first  denied   it , but then she accepted that she was wrong, and  apologised   to  Maria . After   that  Pat never again talked about  anyone   without  his or her permission.
The End.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing this letter to you to complain about your Circle theatre.
First of all ,  I must say that "over the rainbow" is not     London's  newest and best musical show, for many reasons:
In your advertisement I read the times  of the performances ,  they   were  14.30 and 10.30, however ,  it started  at  20.15! So  I was  doing    nothing for a long time and I don't like to  waste  my time, and what about Danny Brook and Tina Truelove?  Where  were they    last weekend?  Last  weekend  (in*/at)  the theatre  there  was a different actor who was disappointing. To make the evening worse  there were no discounts available on the tickets , and the theatre restaurant was closed after the show because it was so late when the show was over.
I want  my  money back . If  you don't give it  back to me , I    intend to write to the press and  tell  everything, and of course I won't be the only one. I am so furious because when I asked for  my  money back that day, the  sir  wasn't able to give it back because he would be  sacked .
yours faithfully,
the secret lover
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and he usually  made  up some extra information.
 One  day we decided to write a special letter to Pat; in the letter we told him that we  had fallen  in love, we were a beautiful girl with long hair and green eyes ( like the   women Pat likes ). The only problem was that the girl was  too  shy to speak to him, she wanted to keep her name  a  secret, and if Pat  told  someone something about the letter, she  wouldn't  say who  she   was .
Poor Pat, he was so happy because a girl  loved  him and so nervous at the same time, even  biting  his nails. As I said at the beginning Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so he told us that he had a love letter but we couldn't read it. Three days  later  we sent him another letter, and Pat told us again but we said, " Oh  Pat ,  don't tell  us  that lie again", so Pat got furious and showed us the letter. We laughed and explained  to  him that we were  the   ones  who wrote  the  letters, and made him  promise  that when he gets a secret lover, a real one,  he   won't  tell anyone because  if he does  he won't meet her.
Dear Sir,
I believe that you must be the manager and I would like to  make  some complaints    about the play "Over the Rainbow" . 
Firstly, in the advertisement you said that Dany Brook was going to be starring in the play, but  you put  another actor in his place, which was very disappointing. Moreover, the    play was expected to start at half past seven in the  evening , however it started at quarter past eight! We had to wait all that time without  anyone   explaining   to  us the reason for this delay.
To make matters worse, your theatre restaurant was closed and one of your assistants said that  it was being under construction for the expansion of that place .
This so-called "Perfect Evening" was  very  disappointing as well as discouraging  us   (of*/from)   going  to  the  Circle Theatre again.
After all I've been through, I would like a refund of my money. Thank you for your interest.
Sincerely yours,
Nowadays,    technology has  extended  its    reach    to almost every  area  of our interests, jobs and even hobbies. Therefore,    life has changed a lot since a hundred years ago,  and my life has changed too .
The biggest achievement of modern technology  came  into my house as soon as I  reached     the age of ten. This achievement is the personal computer, which has grown very fast   because of the help it can provide. My computer helps me  (in*/with)  my studies,  homework  and projects for school. With the Internet, I  became  more  sociable  using the Relay Chat clients, but also  developed  a kind of boredom, which is known as "Internet Freak Disease"! I use it a lot ,  so sometimes I feel pain in my eyes or my hands.
Moreover, fishing  has been  affected by    modern technology. Fishing is my hobby and that's why I bought    plastic worms and fish   that are not so good - it's better to use  live  worms!
To sum up, my life is  surrounded by  modern gadgets. Sometimes these gadgets are for the best and - more often - for the worst!! It  just  depends  (of*/on)  your judgement and the way  you plan     to use technology.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction  (about*/with)  the show you  put on  two weeks ago at your theatre.
As I was spending a  weekend  in London .  I took  the   opportunity   to  see the performance of one of my favourite actors, Danny Brook. Unfortunately as soon as I  got  to the theatre I was told that there had been a change in the cast and Danny Brook was not part of it anymore. Besides, since my girlfriend and I had really to hurry up to reach the theatre on time we hadn't had any dinner, as we had been thinking  of   having  it at your restaurant. You cannot imagine our disappointment when we realised that the show had been  postponed   (at*/to)  20.15 instead of 19.30 and that the restaurant was closed because of  repair work ; as a matter of fact, after the show we only ate  a  hamburger in a fast-food  restaurant .
In conclusion, I would like to have the two tickets refunded ,  considering also that there were no discounts available,  in contrast to what  was stated in the advertisement.
Yours Faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. In fact this was the main  reason for  Mr White's resignation and suicide. Pat was not a very clever  teenager  and while she was attending    Secondary School she had many  problems  with Chemistry. I could actually say that if it hadn't been for Mr. White she would  never have  passed her exam to enter University. Mr White came to our school when he was 40  years old  but still  good-looking  and all my  female  school-mates fell suddenly in love with him; he was always so kind and generous towards his pupils that any  girl  felt herself loved by him: Pat certainly was one of them. One day while she was walking in Central Park she saw a man and a young girl sitting under a tree. Immediately she recognized her beloved teacher kissing one of her  classmates  and she  ran  away as fast as she could. She was so angry and felt so betrayed by Mr White that without any  hesitation  she went to the school Headmaster to report everything she had seen. The next day Mr White was charged  (for*/with)   abuse  and obliged to resign. The trial was long and  received     wide coverage  (by*/from)   the  media. We live in a small and  old-fashioned  town and Mr. White was considered a monster:  losing  his job was hard for him, but even harder was the loss of his beloved pupils who were not allowed to meet him; so, on a bright summer day he took his final decision and died ,  terrified by the darkness which was nearing.
Dear Sir/Madam , 
Yesterday I went to the    play called "Over the Rainbow" ,   for  which I saw the advertisement in  today's  Guardian. I want to tell you that I am very  disappointed  about the play.
In the  advertisement  it  said  that Danny Brook was in the starring  role . However I didn't see him all    night. There was another actor instead of him. And also it should  have  started at 19.30, as I saw in the  advertisement ,  but   it   started  at 20.15! And  so far  there  weren't  any discounts available which  were   said  to be "available" in the  advertisement . I went to the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because of the  redecoration   works  inside. You should have written it in the  advertisement . And after all  that  ,  no one can say that I had a perfect evening out!  Absolutely  it was very  disappointing    so I want my money back.
I hope you understand    and  will correct  your mistakes in the next  advertisement  and send me my money soon!
Yours  faithfully 
Simple Solutions
It is over 50 years since the  invention  of the computer and television. Our  lives   have changed  since then . 
Today  5 out of every  10  pupils  can use  a  computer   basically  . And almost everybody has a television in their homes. These 2 devices make my life easier. I can't go out all the time or be with my friends to have fun. So I watch  TV  at home instead of sitting in a chair looking out of a window. I play  on   the  computer more than watching  TV  when I get bored.
The  Internet  is the world's largest communication system   . I can do anything I want ,  such as buy  CDs  ,  watch  a  film or even buy food. It is really  enjoyable  when I chat with  people .  The  Internet  has brought  a new  way  to my  life  since I started to use it. It is easy and very useful. I can  reach any knowledge  that I want to.  Technology  is also important in  another   area  for me. Transportation. I  don't  have to walk to school  every day  for 8 months .  Cars,  buses  and trains are very useful in daily life.
Lots of  things  would be hard and boring in my life  if  I was living in a different time than now. I can easily do what I want. Technology  has brought  simple solutions to my life.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show ,  Over the Rainbow, which you advertised. I saw the show at your theatre with my friend on 6th June. However, I was disappointed with  something which did not match your advertisement .
First of all, I would like to have seen Danny Brook as I am keen on his  acting . He did not  perform      that  evening. It made me sad. Secondly, the starting time has been changed from 19:30 to 20:15. We waited for ages because we had not been informed. In addition, although you advertised  that   discount  tickets  were  available, they do not  sell  them any more according to your staff. Finally, we went to the restaurant in your  theatre  after the show. It was closed because of the staff  training .
I am sure you can understand my disappointment. I must insist that you refund the cost of the show. Unless I hear from you within ten days, I shall have to take legal advice on  this  matter.
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours faithfully,
It is believed that our  lifestyle  has been changed by  modern  technology such as computers and washing  machines  etc , especially  for families. I have found  it  very expensive to buy them but there are  a  number of advantages.
First of all, dishwashers are very  convenient  for me because I work  full-time  and look after my children. It is very difficult to cook and wash dishes after working. Before buying my dishwasher I asked my son to wash them. He complained about  that  a lot. Secondly, computers are useful for us as well, because we do not need to go somewhere if we want to  get  information, for example  about   travelling .
However ,  my  family  members do  communicate with each other less  than  they  used to, because my children are keen on playing computer games.
In my opinion,     modern  technology  makes  our  life   easier . It is very good for us but I think we should think    more carefully when we buy something for our children.
Dear Sirs
We are  writing  to you to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow",  which  we saw last week in your Theatre.
We have spent a week's holiday in London and wanted to see a musical   . We read an advertisement about your    show,  starring     the well-known Danny Brook and Tina Truelove ,  in a local newspaper
We were very disappointed to hear that the actor was replaced by  another   one  at the last minute. The advertisement said that it starts at 19.30, but it  actually started  at 20:15 due to  a   problem   (of*/with)  the sound. We were also surprised to discover that the student discounts  weren't  available for us, because they didn't accept our student  identity   cards  from Switzerland.
We were very frustrated to read on the door of the theatre restaurant " Closed  due to holidays" ,  specially when we were  really  starving.
This evening was a waste of time. So we  ask  you for our money back.
I  am  looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours Sincerely
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Could you figure out how your life  would  be without    modern technology? What is the effect    it  has   (in*/on)  your  environment ? Were    people happier in  the  past than  today ? If you are interested in the question, you will be interested  (by*/in)  this article.
Nowadays,    technology takes  up  a large  part   (in*/of)  your daily life and improves the speed of  the achievement . For example at work, we look  (on*/at)  the computer screen all day, sending e-mail  (at*/to)  the other side of the world, doing some  research  etc. We gain a lot of time with  the  computer, but if your computer  broke  down, you couldn't do anything because everything is on it.
 Technology  moves very fast ,  specially in the  area  of transportation.  Cars  are able to reach  speeds of 300 km per hour  and are more reliable than in the past.
The major  problem  for the  industrial  cities is to deal with the bad  effects  of  pollution   (in*/on)  the  environment . A lot of money  is  involved in research to stop the  increase   in   levels  of  pollution .
To sum up, all the improvements  come at a price  : the  condition of the  environment . We are too  dependent   (at*/on)  technology today. But we can ask  ourselves  ,  "What will    happen in 50 years? "  Our children will be able to travel  (in*/to)  the moon as we travel to Japan?
Dear Sir
Last week I  attended  the musical "Over the rainbow", and I am  writing  in order to  complain  about things that really disappointed me.
First of all, I want to say that in the play  there  appeared a different actor  to the one advertised,  despite  the fact  that  the name Danny Brook appeared in the advertisement  ;  that actor was very bad.
Another thing I want to add is that the musical started 45 minutes late . It  was  meant  to start at 19.30 and it really  started     at 20:15. During this time we had to keep  seated  in the theatre and it was boring and tiring.
Thirdly, when I bought the tickets, I asked for discounts and nobody  knew  anything about them, so it is false  to say  there are discounts available.
However, we enjoyed the musical, but while going    to have dinner, we saw the restaurant  was  closed and we had to  get  the car and come back home very hungry.
It was a very disappointing evening and I hope you will give us some money back.
I am waiting for your answer.
Yours sincerely
Hello. I'm Robert and I'm  writing      an  article about clothes in the future. In my  opinion , in a hundred    years   we'll wear the same kind of clothes that we wear nowadays. What will change  (in*/with)  clothes   will be  how comfortable they are  and the way they protect us and our  bodies  from temperature and physical  attacks . I think they will  cool  us in the summer and  make  us  warmer  in the winter. Clothes will be more personalized and they'll make us feel better and more free. Wearing them we'll be able to dive underwater  at  high pressure, and we'll have freedom of movement. Technology will  play   a  part in  clothes'  development, scientists will  find   a  way to reduce the weight of clothes and they will become very light and comfortable, so I want to be in the future to enjoy the clothes. I  hope  I win the trip!
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow" I went to see at your theatre in London two weeks ago.
According to your advertisement, Danny Brook was involved in the show, but to my disappointment there was a different actor. To make things worse, the show started at 20.15 instead of 19.30.  Also , there was a problem with tickets. According to the advertisement, discounts were available, but in reality  that  wasn't so! On top of everything, when I decided to visit your theatre restaurant after the show, it turned out to be closed. When I insisted on  an  explanation   , I was told that the chief cook was on holiday!
The perfect evening out you promised to provide turned  out  to be really boring and disappointing.  Consequently  I think you should give me some money back. I hope you will  make  note  of  this and I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Pat was my classmate and I should add   that he was one of my best friends. I loved and respected him very much, but there was an unpleasant thing about him - he talked too much.
My sister's birthday was coming. Her friends and I decided to present her with the thing she had been dreaming of for a long time - a puppy. We knew it would be a great present and she would be extremely happy. But the most important thing was that it would be really surprising  (to*/for)  her, because she could hardly     expect  such a present.
We bought a beautiful puppy and were waiting for the  party  probably even more impatiently   than Susie. But unfortunately Pat didn't manage to keep our secret. He told her about the present as soon as he saw her. I'm sure he did it not because he wanted to spoil everything, but because he was so happy and excited   that he couldn't act in a different way. Susie liked the puppy very much, her eyes were shining, but  her  friends were a little bit sad and disappointed, because they were expecting a completely different ending.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you     to describe  some problems I had when I went to the theatre to see one of your company's musical shows called "Over the rainbow". I would like to say that the information given in your advertisement was not true at all.
First of all, the main  actors   were meant  to be Danny Brook  and  Tina Truelove. I  was  very disappointed when I discovered Danny Brook was not going to play <NS type="M"></NS> and a different actor would play  it  instead of him.
Another problem was  with  the start of the show. When I finished  work  I had to  rush  because the show started at 19:30 and it was 19:00.  To my surprise , when I arrived  (to*/at)  the theatre the show still had not started. All of us, who had paid a lot of money for those tickets, had to wait  a  long time before the show started, because it started at 20:15!
You should review the advertisements you do because you give  inaccurate  information. For example, the advertisement said we could buy tickets  at a   discount , but when I went to buy  one  your employees told me there were no discounts available.
When the show was over I went to have dinner  (to*/in)  your theatre restaurant but I found it closed because your company is  lacking     employees.
In conclusion, what I expected to be "my perfect evening", as you said in your advertisement, was a very disappointing evening due to the problems I had. I would like to know if I could have some money back for these problems I have told you  about .
I advise you to pay more attention  (in*/to)  your shows and look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
MANUEL SANTOS
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Two days ago I thought I could trust Pat because she was not going to tell anybody our secret, our important secret. I wish I had never told her anything.
 It all  began when, three days ago, I was doing  some  homework in my  classroom . I was alone because Pat had to go  to the cinema with her parents . Suddenly, I heard  footsteps  that were getting closer to me. It was Paul, my teacher, who came to see what I was doing there. After a few words which I didn't pay attention to, my teacher  left  the  classroom . I was  bored , so I decided to follow him to discover where he was going. He was going down the stairs wearing his blue jacket. "See you tomorrow!" I cried, but he didn't listen to me. Then, while I was going back to my  classroom  I saw he hadn't switched off the light  (of*/in)  his room. I went to switch it off. As soon as I entered that room I realised he had  left  our exams there. I couldn't believe my eyes! The exams we had to do  the  next day were there.  Without thinking twice , I took one of them and  quickly went  home. I had to phone Pat to tell her which  questions were in the exam . When I told her  the  news, she  was  surprised. We thought we shouldn't tell    anybody else. Next day ,  in the morning, before the exam, we were going to put the exam back with the other exams.
But my plan didn't work well. Next day, everybody knew about my great  find  because Pat hadn't kept our secret. The problem was that my teacher also knew  about  it because someone had told him "the story of the  exam papers ", as he called my big problem. He told me I had done wrong taking the  exam paper  but I think the only thing I did wrong was telling Pat my important secret. Next time I will  make  sure  I can trust  who I'm telling my secret to.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction  (about*/with)  the musical show I  saw  yesterday, called 'Over The Rainbow'.
Firstly, I was  disappointed , because the actor Danny Brook did not  appear  in the show. Then, another thing I would like to mention is that the time advertised was wrong, because the show started at 20:15.
Another thing is that there were discounts on the price of the tickets, and I did not  get  any discount.  It  also  states  that there was a restaurant to eat in after the show, but it was closed because it was not completely built.
Finally, I would like to know why <NS type="M"></NS> would have a perfect evening, because I did not have one, so I would like to have my money back.
I look forward to hearing from you in the very near future.
Yours faithfully,
Juan Almo Dali
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. One day, when Peter and Pat were alone in class, he confessed  to  her that he was gay. She  was  very surprised when Pat told her that he was gay.
During the week Pat and Peter talked about the problem he had and the consequences that  would   follow  if he  told his parents about it . On Saturday Peter, Pat and some other friends went to the cinema. When they  were watching  the film, Katy and John approached    Peter and told him that they  would  continue being his friends.
Peter got very angry and  asked  Pat why  they had   said  that to him. Pat did not answer    him. The next day all the school knew that Peter was gay and even though he didn't mind what  had happened  he didn't  talk   (with*/to)  Pat     again  in his life.
Dear Mr. Smith,
I am  writing   to  you about an  enjure  that I had  (in*/at)  your last musical  at the  Circle Theatre. I went to see "Over the rainbow" last Saturday and I had a very disappointing evening.
First of all, I was  surprised  that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove did not  perform .  Nobody  told us why they  weren't  there.
I read  (on*/in)  your  advertisement  in Friday's edition of the Times that the show should start at 19.30 but the  performance  started at 20.15. I was  waiting  45 minutes for  nothing !
I am  a   student  and I didn't  get   a   discount  ticket. I don't understand the problem between your  advertisement  and the reality.
And finally, after the show, I wanted to  have  a coffee but the theatre restaurant was closed!
 As  mentioned in the newspaper ,  I didn't have a perfect evening out and I ask you to give me back my money.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
 Yours  sincerely
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
My life  changes   every day   because of     modern technology. For  example , if I don't have time to do my shopping after school because I have to do my homework, I  go  on  the  Internet and ask for what I need. The day after I get everything at home by post.
 From my point of view ,  the  Internet is the most important  invention  of the 2000  century . You can book tickets for  the  theatre, sport, etc., you can find all  the   information  you need for yourself. You have a lot of things to do, to see, to learn. It is too big to tell everybody about what you can do!
I use  the   Internet all the time  for my homework and in the  future , I hope, I will be able to use it for my own work.
Technology will not stop  growing     and  helping  people in the  future . I hope I will help them, I am sure I will!
Dear Sir or Madam,
I have recently been to the Circle Theatre to see a musical show. It was advertised as London's Newest and best musical show. However, it  was  a very  disappointing  evening for me.
Firstly, it was mentioned that there were going to be two  stars  but, in fact, only  one  actor  was  performing  (on*/in)  the show.
Secondly, there was a delay  (on*/with)  the show ,  which  was supposed  to  start  at 19.30 but   it    actually started at 20:15. This really upset me as no notice  was  given before the show.
Thirdly, the  advertisement  said that    discounts were  available  but   the ticket seller said that there was no discount  allowing or   available .
In addition, the  advertisement  mentioned that  the  restaurant  would  be  open  after the show but it was closed because    short of cooker .
Finally, I would like to ask for  my  money back  (for*/on)  the ticket due to the  disappointing  evening out and  the   misleading  advertisement you have  created .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
Cook Phatosub.
 Nowadays , modern technology is  becoming   absolutely  essential to our daily life.  It  is another important factor which affects our life, apart from money, health, food and  housing .
The reasons it is important to us are, first of all,  if you think  about  life  without computers, communication  technology  and transportation    , we  wouldn't be able to  process   information  and  data   so  quickly. Secondly, no one could communicate on the phone  through countries or even through houses  as  quickly  as nowadays. Lastly, it would take people months and months to travel to the other side of the world and also the journey would be much more dangerous than  travelling  by plane. Without all this  your  life would  definitely  change back to  the same position as it were  50 or more years ago.  To put  it in  other  words, modern technology has changed our life to became more advanced in every  way .
On the other hand, the  effects  that it has on our daily life  are  not always good as  sometimes    the technology  goes  wrong and  out of hand of people who control it  can cause  disastrous  accidents, for example: plane crashes,  train   crashes  and  the  explosion of  nuclear   bombs . If this  continues  to happen our life  will  be very  miserable  as  accidents   happen  all the time. Therefore, it is important to get it exactly right.
17th June 2000
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing with reference to Over the Rainbow ,   the  musical show ,  which I went to see at the Circle Theatre last night. Being a theatre lover, I am always looking forward to seeing new musicals, but unfortunately, this particular one was very disappointing.
First of all, Danny Brook was not starring, even  though  it was stated in your advertisement  that he would perform , but the main role was played by an unknown actor. Secondly, I had to wait for  forty-five  minutes for the show to start, and it was 20:15 (not 19:30) when the curtain went up.
Another disappointing thing was that I could not get  a  student discount, even  though  your advertisement promised them. To make things even worse, the theatre restaurant was closed after the show, because of the roof repairs.
As you can see I had a very disappointing evening - the worst one  (during*/of)  my week's holiday in London. I would like therefore to have my money back, so please send me a cheque for £20 to    the address above.
Yours faithfully,
Katja Menan.
Fashion of the Future.
Almost everyone is trying to be fashionable and look modern. Every season we can see  the  arrival of new styles, fabrics and proportions. Let's try to imagine   what  clothes will  be like 100 years from now?
I think in the future people will express themselves by wearing appropriate clothes. There will be  a  mixture of styles from different times  (of*/in)  the past, so if you feel like a medieval princess, you can dress like one.  New  technology and science will change fabrics, so they will change their  colours  during the day.
In the future people will be even more concerned  (with*/about)   pollution  and harmful UV-rays. So their clothes will have built-in protective filters to help them keep healthy.
With so many choices ,  shopping for clothes is going to be even  more  fun than it is now.  The fashion  of the future will not be the same as today's, but it will be more exciting and fun!
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you after visiting your theatre. Frankly speaking, I was very disappointed after my visit.
I was displeased from the very beginning, because I expected to get a discount as I'm a student. According to your  advertisement  I could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all. But nevertheless I decided to go to your show.
The show started  at  20.15 instead of 19.30. I had to wait in  the  overcrowded hall. When  the show finally   started  I found out that Danny Brook  had been replaced  by another actor. One of the reasons for my visiting your show was Danny Brook's  participation . So, you could understand how disappointed I was.
To make matters worse ,  the restaurant which was mentioned in your  advertisement  was closed.
So I  didn't have  such  a  perfect evening   as was promised in your  advertisement .
In fact there were a lot of mistakes in your  advertisement  and I would be  greatful  if you could give me back a part of my money.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
In my opinion, modern technologies play  an  important role in people's  lives . I think that at present the most important technologies are computer and  internet  technologies. Both  computers  and  the  Internet influence people's  lives .
I have to use  a  computer every day. It helps me  (in*/with)  preparing my  homework .  First  of all  the  Internet gives you    access to a great number of different  information . On the one hand ,   the  Internet is often used for  entertainment , but on the other hand it's also used in different business and education   processes   .  With the help of  internet  technologies I communicate with other people from all over the world it gives me  the  chance to improve my English.  In my view ,  the  Internet can be used in education, because it gives an opportunity to have  remote   communication  between pupils and teachers.
Though  the  Internet has a lot of positive aspects ,  I think you should be careful with it and not  be   dependent  on it.
Dear Sir:
How are you? I  went   to  the musical show " Over the Rainbow "  (in*/at)  your theatre last week. I have got a few things to complain about  regarding  your  theatre . The first thing is in your note  it  says that you  have  Danny Brook in the show. But in the show, there was    another actor. I was so  disappointed , because I came  from  far away to see Danny Broke. In the note  it  also says that the show  starts  at 19:30, and so I went in at 19:25. The show  started  at 20:15, which means it  wasted  one hour of my time.  The note  says that  there are discounts available on tickets , but I bought my ticket and your people told me that there is  no  discount  (for*/on)   the   tickets . When the show  had finished  ,  I  decided  to go and visit your theatre restaurant .  But I went there and it  was  closed for some  reason . I was really hungry and I went to  another  restaurant as soon as I  could .  The note says that your perfect evening out, I thought I could get my money back, with your poor service and all my reasons,  but  it was not ask for money back .
I was really disappointed about your  theatre  and service .  I hope I can get my money back and you can improve it.  Thank  you for reading  this .
Today, science and technology help us a lot. For example , in  the  past , people  had  to go and get wood, make a fire and cook, but now people can cook in a microwave and do not have to do all the hard work.
Science and technology can give us a better  lifestyle  or better food. For example,  once  people  had  to walk from  one  place to  another , but now we can use  science  and technology to produce a lot of  petrol-powered   vehicles  and we can  travel   faster with them . We  can also  produce more and better food  by  using science and technology ,  e.g.  by   using  science to put all the good  parts  of two plants into one plant. We can also use  technology  to produce more food and help them grow faster.
Science and technology can also  be used   to produce  some  materials  ,  e.g. steel or iron, which  are used   (for*/in)  our  buildings  . They  can make  them  stronger and  hard  to destroy.
Science and technology can give us a lot of good  things  for our daily life,  making it easy for us  to do  things  or work.
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing with regards to the musical show 'Over the Rainbow' and I am going to  complain  about it.
I saw it last Friday and it  disappointed  me because the actor was not the same man as  shown in  the  advertisement  .  I had expected to see him so I couldn't enjoy myself at all. Secondly, it didn't start at seven thirty. I don't know if there  were   any  problems but I had to wait for forty-five minutes. I could not believe it!
In addition to this, I could not get a cheaper ticket so I wonder why the advertisement mentioned    the  discount   on  tickets.
Moreover, despite there  being  some restaurants in the theatre,  they had already closed because it was too late  .  I wanted to have a coffee but I could not.
I should not have gone to see the musical. I do not want to think you told a lie but I felt  it was   wasting  my time and money. I would like  you  to refund all the money and I recommend    thinking about the advertisement. I hope you understand me and the show is going to be  successful .
Thank you for your time and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and because of her nasty habit, I lost my best friend and boyfriend at the same time.
She was one of my friends and I couldn't trust her at all because she was a  troublemaker . One year ago, I had a boyfriend and he was  the  perfect man for me. I was happy at that time and I met  up  with him almost every day. I believed that I  would  get married to him  but  my happiness didn't last.
One day, Pat gave me a ring and she told me that my best friend was going out with my boyfriend in secret.
I couldn't believe her because my best friend was a boy! I was too shocked to eat anything. I tried to avoid thinking about it but I couldn't. I dared to ask him and he told me  the  truth. It was true! I shouldn't have asked him!
And then I asked him to split up with my best friend but to make matters worse, he chose my best friend! If I  hadn't heard   anything from Pat , I could have got married  to  him. I couldn't do anything and two  months  later, my boyfriend got married to my best friend. I felt sad and miserable.
Dear  Mr  Muller,
I address this letter to you because as the manager of "The Circle Theatre" I hold you responsible for the most disappointing evening in a theatre I  have had  in years. I went to see the evening performance of your production of "Over the Rainbow" on  Saturday  the 2nd of June.
At first I was irritated that contrary to your announcements no discounts were  available . I bought one of the most expensive tickets.
Although the show was scheduled to start at 19.30h, it did not begin until 20.15h.
To my greatest  disappointment  Danny Brooks was not in the show, but his part was played by an actor whose (lack of ) singing and acting skills did not make him a suitable replacement. After the show I     found  out that the theatre restaurant,  which  had been recommended to me, was closed because it had been booked by a private party. Contrary to your advertisement I  did not have a  "perfect evening out" and I think that you should return to me at least half of the 20 £ I paid for my ticket.
faithfully yours
....
Best detective stories of Agatha Christie
That exciting stories always describe people in difficult situations is true of Agatha Christie's "Witness for the prosecution".
This short story is about a man who is accused of having murdered a rich elderly widow who  left  her whole fortune to him. He had befriended her without telling her that he was married.
The accused is defended by a famous lawyer who tells his wife that a loving wife's confirmation of her husband's alibi will not convince the jury
To help her husband she works out a plan:  she  is willing to be  a  witness for the prosecution and states that her husband  was not  with her at the time the crime was committed. She then gives letters to her husband's lawyer that seem to prove that she has been unfaithful to him and that she  tried  to get rid of him with the help of false accusations. The plan works:  the  jury thinks that the wife is a notorious liar and her husband is found innocent. After the trial the lawyer is told that the man was indeed guilty.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about a musical show I saw at the Circle Theatre on Wednesday, June, 14th which was titled "Over the Rainbow".
First of all, the advertisement I got  placed  emphasis on Danny Brook's starring  in the show , but  actually , a  disappointing  ,  unknown actor played his part, and I wonder whether he had real skills   .
To make matters worse, not only was the restaurant closed,  for no   apparent  reason, but also the discounts that were said to be available were not.
On top of everything, the performance began forty-five minutes late.
I find it unbearable to witness such     deceitful  advertising and to  even pay  ten pounds to  have  such a disappointing evening. Consequently, I ask for  my  money back, and I will  obviously not  go back  (in*/to)  the Circle Theatre. I  attach  my receipt, and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Over the last five years, she  has  caused many arguments because of unkept secrets, but she couldn't help speaking to everybody. This time, as Katie, her cousin, had told her ,  their friend Bobby had stolen a great camera, but that this was confidential .  Pat reacted violently; why was she told secrets she was unable to keep? However, she was interested   , and decided to lead her own enquiry  (about*/into)  this case. Bobby didn't use to commit such acts and the story  seemed  very strange. Despite Katie's warning, Pat  achieved  her purpose by  carefully questioning  her friends, and realized Bobby had been forced to  steal  this camera  or else  he  would   be  hurt. Pat knew there was no solving the problem without the  the help of adults . Katie and Bobby would be furious, but anyway... She  got   the two criminals convicted , and  recovered  the calm    within the school. It was the first time she had saved someone  by  telling a secret, and she realized she had made  a  good choice.
Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing to complain about the problems <NS type="M"></NS>     (on*/at)   your  musical show.
First of all you said that the  star  would be Danny Brook but  it  was not. Another actor took his place.
 Also , the time that the show  should have started  was 19:30 but it started  forty-five  minutes later. People    started to complain.
What about the    discounts ?  They  did  not exist.
 Apart from  this ,  there  is  more. After the show I went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed   because the chef of the restaurant was ill. This is not an excuse.
You have to excuse me ,  but this was a very disappointing evening. I would like  you  to  give     me my money back.
I am very disappointed with you. I did not expect these problems from you. I am waiting <NS type="MV"></NS> your answer as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. One day Brian,  Pat's best friend  ,  told him a secret.  It was an  important secret for Brian. He told him   that he was in love with Jane, a girl in their class. Jane was a very good girl and she liked Brian. Pat told this secret to Beth ,   Jane's best friend . He didn't  tell   her  the secret because he wanted to  hurt  Brian but because he wanted to help him. Brian was very  embarrassed  to ask Jane  out   (in*/on)   a  date.
So, Beth   asked Jane if she  was  in love with Brian and she said that she was.
When Pat  heard  the good news he told    Brian to  ask  her  out   (in*/on)   a  date and he knew that she  would   accept .
Brian  found out  what  had  happened and at first he was angry with Pat but then he thanked him. Jane and Brian were very happy.
Brian and Pat had a lot of arguments about this because Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
17th JUNE 2000.
DEAR SIR,
I AM WRITING TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE PROBLEMS WHICH OCCURRED  (IN*/WITH)  THE LAST MUSICAL SHOW  (OF*/AT)  THIS THEATRE.
FIRST OF ALL,  CONTRARY TO WHAT WAS  ADVERTISED, THE MAIN ACTOR WAS NOT DANNY BROOK, BUT  ANOTHER  ,  UNKNOWN PERSON.
 TO MAKE MATTERS WORSE , THE SHOW  WAS DELAYED  ,  STARTING AT 20:15.
AS IF THIS WERE NOT ENOUGH, I DID NOT OBTAIN A DISCOUNT  (IN*/ON)  THE PRICE OF THE TICKET, ALTHOUGH THIS WAS POSSIBLE ACCORDING TO YOUR LEAFLET.
ON TOP OF EVERYTHING, I COULD NOT VISIT THE RESTAURANT  (OF*/AT)  THIS PLACE, BECAUSE IT WAS CLOSED AFTER THE SHOW.
I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED, BECAUSE THAT EVENING OUT WAS NOT  AS  PERFECT AS I HAD PLANNED.
SO, I WOULD BE GRATEFUL IF YOU COULD REFUND    ALL OR PART OF  THE  MONEY WHICH I PAID FOR THE SHOW.
I LOOK FORWARD TO RECEIVING YOUR PROMPT REPLY.
YOURS FAITHFULLY,
MARCOS ALMO BRAS DE BARODO.
IT'S  UNDENIABLE  THAT DURING THIS CENTURY OUR WORLD HAS BEEN CHANGING.  NEW   INVENTIONS  HAVE BEEN INVENTED AND    SCIENCE HAS  MADE     QUICK PROGRESS. AS A RESULT OF THIS PEOPLE'S DAILY  LIVES   HAVE  BEEN CHANGING AS WELL.
AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED, I FIRMLY BELIEVE THAT   IT'S WORTH  POINTING  OUT THE FOLLOWING:
FIRST AND FOREMOST, IT'S IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER THAT TODAY IT IS EASIER TO TRAVEL AROUND THE WORLD BECAUSE NOWADAYS THERE ARE LOTS OF GOOD AND FAST  MEANS  OF TRANSPORT.
IN THE SAME WAY, WE CAN TRAVEL INSIDE OUR COUNTRY QUICKLY AND SAFELY. CONSEQUENTLY, WE'VE GOT  OPPORTUNITIES  TO KNOW MANY DIFFERENT PLACES AND TO CONTACT DIFFERENT PEOPLE, TOO.
SECONDLY, WE CAN'T FORGET EITHER THAT ALL OF US HAVE  THE   ABILITY  TO COMMUNICATE WITH PEOPLE BY MOBILE  PHONE , BY  THE  INTERNET, WHO LIVE NOT ONLY IN THIS COUNTRY, BUT ALSO ABROAD.
FINALLY, WE  SHOULD  CONSIDER, TOO, THAT    TECHNOLOGY HAS BEEN PROVIDING US WITH IMPORTANT DISCOVERIES, MAINLY IN MATTERS  (ABOUT*/OF)  HEALTH,  THE  ENVIRONMENT AND SO ON.
IN CONCLUSION, I REALLY BELIEVE THAT OUR DAILY LIFE IS VERY DIFFERENT  TO WHAT  IT WAS IN THE LAST CENTURY AND EVEN IN THE  BEGINNING  OF THIS CENTURY.    SCIENCE AND    TECHNOLOGY ARE     MAINLY  RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing this letter to you in order to complain  (for*/about)  the musical show ('Over the Rainbow') that was performed at your theatre last week;  concretely  on Friday evening.
First of all, I should say that I had read fantastic reviews of it in several newspapers, specially regarding the starring actors' superb performances. These were in perfect agreement with my previous opinion  (about*/of)  your company, which is said to be the best  producer  of musical shows in Europe. With all these considerations in mind, I  attended your theatre on the referred day  with the aim of having a perfect evening.
However,  nothing was further from what really happened .  To start with , it was impossible to obtain any of the offered discounts, even though I presented an official ISIC card. Then, the audience had to wait 45 minutes  past  the announced  time of the performance  for the show to get started. And finally, when  they   came  on, we realised that  it  was not Danny Brook performing, which was really disappointing.
I hope you realise this was totally different from what you advertised, and I look forward to hearing from you in the very near future offering me some money back.
Yours faithfully,
Jaro Santoquez
Nowadays we can see a very different world from the one our grandparents, or even our parents, were living in. Actually, whereas they used to talk about how their daily  lives  had changed in comparison with previous generations', we remain astonished ,  looking  at  how our  lives  are changing frenetically. We have hardly assimilated  one piece of  new technology when it is replaced or modified by another.
Electronic devices and 'gadgets' make our daily  lives  more comfortable and easier, but does  that   mean  that we live better than ever? Of course, they have liberated us from a lot of tough routines, giving us the chance to have more  free time .
However, instead of enjoying this fantastic opportunity, people have become hooked on technological advances, feeding back their development in an accelerating,  non-stop  race.
Machines  now do  most of  the  hard work, but this does not mean that we are working less. People spend more and more time working, searching for new inventions that will make life easier, but then fail to profit  from  all the  benefits obtained .
To the manager of The Circle Theatre!
I have  recently been   (in*/to)  London and  I saw  the  show  "Over  the  Rainbow" at The Circle Theatre. I have to say that it was a very disappointing evening for me. It should  have started  at 19.30 and it  started  at 20:15! There were no discounts available and the theatre's restaurant was closed. But the worst thing  (in*/about)  "London's newest and best musical show", as you called it, was the  absence  of Danny Brook. The actor  who  was "dancing" was horrible. He  was   making mistakes  all the time.  (At*/In)  the advertisement,  it  was written "your perfect evening out". Well, it wasn't perfect! I want you to give me back my money .  I hope that in future you will  correct  all  these  mistakes.
Yours  faithfully 
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I told him my worst love story. One day, I was going to school by bus and  -  I don't know why  -  I went to the end of it. I looked up and I saw her, standing next to me with her friend. Every time    I looked up at her my legs were shaking so I couldn't  get  up and talk to her! But with help from my friend ,  who convinced me to do this,  I met  her. Her name was Sue and she was so beautiful that I still can't find words which could be good to describe her. I was constantly seeing her but my shyness made my mouth close so I couldn't say anything! I was in Love but that wasn't nice.  A few  days later someone told me that Sue was actually a boy! That was supposed to be a joke from my " colleagues "! From that moment I  felt  like I  had  been in front of a video camera and the operator of it  was  me! I couldn't speak to anyone. The worst thing in this story is   that Pat told this to everyone at school. From that moment I  have lived  alone. Thanks to Pat.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you to explain  what   my experience was   like  in the theatre last Friday. I did not expect    all the problems that I had.
Firstly, I would like to say that the actor who played <NS type="M"></NS> was not the same one that I read  about  in the advertisement.
 Secondly , the    show began  forty-five  minutes  late  and nobody  told  me what  had  happened.
Thirdly, I did not  get  any kind of  discount  when I  paid  although in the advertisement it was written  that I would .
After the    show, I went to the theatre restaurant but I could not  have  dinner because it was closed. I think that if the    show     begins  later the restaurant should close later, too!
Finally,  from my point of view , I would like to  get back  the money that I  paid  because  the show  was not  what  you  promised  in the advertisement.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I think when you  tell  a secret you must be sure that you have  chosen  the best person to keep it. In your life you will meet a lot of people and you should choose your friends.
When I was a child my friends were my  classmates    , especially my neighbours. In the summers I  was always  playing with them on the street. When I was fourteen years old some things changed. I  preferred   riding   a  motorbike with the people who  studied  with me in the Institute. But, until you are twenty years old you choose your best friends. When you go to    university you are a person who can begin to make    good friends. You have  a   chance  to  meet  people and now you have an  opportunity  to select good friends. You must select well if you want to have very good friends.
For  these  reasons, I think that you should know  the person well   you   want  to  tell  a secret  to  and <NS type="M"></NS> keep it.
Dear Sirs,
Two weeks ago, I came to London for a week's holiday. During my stay in your city, I had the opportunity to  attend  your show named 'Over the rainbow' after having read an advertisement in the magazine 'Going-out' ,     the 1st of June  issue .
I'm writing to you in order to complain about this show. The problems started when we arrived at the Theatre: my  6-year-old  son had to pay  the  full price. Then, even if we could enter    the  theatre , the show didn't start before 20:15, which is 45 minutes later than  expected . Indeed, we are still waiting  (on*/for)  Danny Brook who was not in the  play . And last, at the end of the  performance , we would  have liked  to have a drink in the theatre Restaurant, but it was already closed due to the poor attendance.
As this evening was for my family and    a wasted one, I permit myself to ask you for  a  refund.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
JANN BRUL
 You don't have to be a genius  to notice that technology has  evolved  so considerably during the last  few  decades that our everyday life has changed.
From my point of view, modern technology has     permitted     me to find a job as I work as a computer engineer. In this domain, you have to  afford  ,   every day  ,  the development of new technology. And as new discoveries bring new discoveries, progress is going faster and faster.
The advantage of this is that you need to  take   an  interest    in  everything  if you don't want to be  left on the shelf . And so, your life is not boring at all as you learn new things  every day .  On the other hand , you cannot  rest  for 2  weeks  as some new inventions come out every day.
Finally, new technology  has  a great influence on my life as it permits me to live on. But, who knows, may be one day I will develop  a  technology that will send me  straight  to the unemployment office!
Dear Sir:
I'm  writing  this letter to complain about the musical show I saw during my stay in London. This show was supposed to be a perfect event but actually I had a very disappointing evening.
First of all ,  I want to say that I'm very keen on Danny Brook who was one of the main reasons why I decided to  go . However ,  my favourite actor was not there. How could that happen?
I also would like to know why the    show started at a quarter past eight instead of half past seven. I spent a lot of time waiting for the show to start. I really do understand that problems can always come up but it would not have been a problem for me  if  I had been informed about it.
Of course discounts were not available either, and the restaurant where we were supposed to eat afterwards was closed without any explanation at all.
So, what should have been a nice evening out  became     a nightmare.
I guess all my reasons are more than enough to get my money back.
Thank you very much:
Yours faithfully:
Modern technology has actually changed my life quite a lot.
Firstly I would like to talk about computers. A couple of years ago I bought a new computer and I had to learn all about them. Even though it was my first one I managed and I got to know  the way they work pretty fast . Now, I'm just fascinated by  the  Internet and I  spend  at least half an hour every day surfing the net, visiting lots of  websites  and getting all  kinds  of information for free.
I'm impressed by communications as well. If I want to communicate with a friend in Australia I just have to send him an e-mail ,  which is going to get to my  friend  in a  little  while. Isn't that amazing?
I should not forget mobile phones. If I feel like talking to a friend I just have to call him and  wherever  he is I will be able to get through to him. Several  European  companies like Nokia or Ericsson are focusing on mobiles and I have been told that in a couple of years it will be possible to send  an  e-mail either from  a  computer or from  a  mobile ,  which is going to be great.
Finally I want to  say  that three weeks ago I started working for a new company and my job is all about new technologies. I'm  extremely  happy because not only do I earn a lot of money but also I'm learning a lot.
So, as you can see, modern technology has had  an  influence  (in*/on)  my life.
Dear Sir or Madam , 
I am writing this letter     in  order to complain  about  my unpleasant experience  (in*/at)  your theatre. Two days ago, I went to see the musical show " Over the Rainbow " at your theatre. The advertised  starting time  is 19:30  but   for  some unknown  reason , the play didn't start until 20:15. The audience were anxious and bored.
What made things even worse was that the leading actor Danny Brook did not appear  (at*/on)  the stage at all.  An understudy  took  his place . We felt totally disappointed and cheated. After the show, I was hungry and tired. As your poster suggested, I intended to rest for a while at your restaurant. But when I got there, it had closed. In addition, the  ticket office  didn't offer me any discounts ,  as you had advertised  (in*/on)  the poster ,  when I bought the ticket.
I am sorry to say that I  did  not enjoy the evening at your theatre at all. I hope you can pay me the money back as compensation. I am waiting for your reply.
Yours  faithfully 
Modern technology has changed my daily life in two ways. First with a lot of advanced techniques being put  (into*/to)  practical use, our living  conditions   are becoming  more and more convenient and comfortable. When we look around    the house, it is easy to find things like       a  microwave oven, TV set, computer   etc. All these  items of   equipment  are    applications of modern science. When you are planning to travel, you can choose  a  train, car or even  a  plane as your  means of  transportation. Without the development of modern technology, it may take  you  several years to reach  your  destination.
Second,  modern  technology makes communication much easier and more enjoyable. With the spreading use of  the  Internet, people living in different parts of the world can chat with each other  via  the web. And   we can also share important  information  with other people. The development of information technology has changed the world into " a global village ".
Modern technology plays an important role in our  lives . I am hoping to devote myself  (into*/to)   its development .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about your advertisement concerning the Musical show: "Over the rainbow". First of all, according to your advertisement, Danny Brook should  have been  one of the stars, instead there was  a  ,   (for*/to)  me ,  totally unknown actor. To make matters worse the musical started almost one hour later than it was supposed to start.
Your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there  were  no discounts  whatsoever  and ,  finally, because of a shortage of  staff , your restaurant was not  open    .
This event was not what I call   "a perfect evening out", as your advertisement promised. I feel entitled to compensation for this event. I suggest a refund of the full price and I hope you are willing to take     responsibility .
Yours faithfully
Carolina Patharius
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. It didn't take long     (until*/for)  my embarrassing story  to get  out in the open. I asked myself how I could be so  stupid , telling her my secret after all I  had  been going through to keep it to myself. But now    the story was out,  I  just  started  to accept it. Maybe it wasn't so bad after all? All of a sudden I started to believe that this was the best solution of all. Now I didn't need to go around     worrying  about it anymore. At once I felt more assertive and a big smile appeared  (in*/on)  my face. I  decided  to thank Pat, and maybe, if possible, teach her a  lesson .
That evening I went to her house. I pretended to be  totally  miserable. Pat didn't know what to do . She   apologised  over and over again and I could really see that she was more than  devastated . Finally I smiled. After  hugging   each  other we promised never to tell others about our secrets. Especially not if it has to do with failing all  your  exams....
Dear Sir, I'm writing this letter to you because I'm very disappointed and I believe you have to  give  me some money back. Last week I was in London to see your new musical show. Before I bought my ticket and  made  train and hotel reservations I'd read a lot  of  good reviews  (about*/of)  that show and I thought it  would be  a great  event  to share with friends. But that evening became a real nightmare! Firstly ,  your advertisement is a real lie. Discounts available?? False and not true! Then the show was late  starting , we had been waiting for a long long time before it started. But finally it started.. and what!! Danny Brook wasn't on the stage! I saw a young actor who I've never seen  before  and who  did not seem  to know  his role by heart ! Shame on you! After that "show" we were starving and we had planned to eat in your theatre  restaurant  but what a surprise! It was closed (of course) and why? A general strike... It wasn't at all a perfect evening .  I'm not pleased. I would weep if I wasn't so angry. To summarize ,  I want    you  to give  me my money back and very quickly.  Yours  faithfully..
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
Modern technology had changed  the   daily lives of human beings  long before I was born.
Nowadays ,   in my opinion  ,  the most important revolution is connected with new technologies.
Let's take the  mobile  phone. Our parents used the phone to make    important  appointments . Nowadays everybody has got a phone which is " mobile ". And I'm  no  different ,  I've got one and it has changed my everyday life. I  can always  be reached, I can phone friends when I know I  will  be late and thanks to that  device  I feel less nervous and now I'm sure I couldn't live without it.
It's the same with  the  Internet and that's a very new thing. I send and receive more  e-mails  than letters! I can chat with my sister or friends without speaking when I'm working because it  takes     just  a few  minutes. With  the  Internet and ,   in my opinion  ,  the world is  becoming  smaller and bigger at the same time. Smaller because I can visit an American library without leaving my desk and bigger because it seems to be endless.
Yes my daily life has  changed  and it's a good thing.
Dear Sir,
I'm writing this letter to you   because during my stay in London   I went to the theatre to see a musical   , and I had a very disappointing evening.
Last Saturday I went to see "Over the Rainbow". When I read the advertisement, I noticed that Danny Brook acted in this musical   . I  liked  him a lot. When the show started forty-five minutes  late , I realised that the main actor had been  replaced . That  replacement  really disappointed me. Another problem was that I didn't  get  any discount, and I wasn't alone, we were five  people . Our idea after the show   was to visit the theatre restaurant, but it was closed. Nobody could give me an  explanation . I really had an awful evening.
Please send me a letter, with the explanations for all these problems that I  have told  you  about . Next time, be more careful with what you put in your advertisement.
I'm looking forward to receiving your letter.
Yours faithfully,
Secrets
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good  at  keeping secrets. That night my parents went out, so I had to stay home with Pat. I invited my best friends, and I asked Christian to bring some videos. We left Pat in her room with those videos, and we went to the top of the house, the third floor.
That room was totally dark. We went upstairs with only a candle, and the idea of planning something crazy.
Manuel had a farm,  not  so  far  from the town, where we could do whatever we wanted. But what was the problem ?  We were too young to  spend  a  whole  weekend alone. I thought of the idea of telling our parents that we had  gone     camping with the school. We were all  agreed . We were going to spend a weekend alone, with nobody else, playing football, going to bed at the time we wanted, talking about girls. It was perfect.
We were very calm, discussing the last details of our weekend, when we heard a noise that came    from a room that was near us. Manuel opened the door, and there she was, Pat with Ramiro's sister ,   listening to  all our conversation.
lausanne, the 17th of June 2000
Dear Sir,
Last weekend, I  was  in London with my friend and I saw your musical show "over the Rainbow".
I write this letter to you     to describe   the  very bad evening I have  had  in  your  theatre.  (On*/In)  the paper it was  written   that  the principal actor is "Danny Brook" but it wasn't him, it was a different actor  whom  we  had  never seen,  or  heard. I think it's really not  right .
They  didn't  respect the timetable, the show  was meant  to  begin  at 19:30 and  it  started at 20:15 . How  can you explain this  mistake ?!
But  I am  not  finished  ,  you wrote  (on*/in)  the paper "Discounts available" but it wasn't true ;  it was    very badly  organised . After this bad show we had  wanted  to go to the Restaurant for  a   drink  and  to eat  something and it was closed and nobody  explained   to  us why the Restaurant wasn't open.
So, I'm very angry when I think about this evening, and I want to have my money back. I think it's the minimum you have to do for me.
Thank you in advance.
SCHOOLS ENGLISH LANGUAGE MAGAZINE
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, this  sentence  is very popular in our school. Pat is not an  angry  girl. She is very friendly but she can't keep a secret. Last year, on a Saturday evening ,  my boyfriend  phoned  me at 20 h    and said  to  me, "Would you like to go to the cinema with me . " I asked my parents but  they  said  to  me ,  "No ,  you can't go to the cinema, tomorrow you have school. "  Then I  phoned     Pat     to explain  my big problem. Pat said to me ,  "You  say  to your parents that you  will  sleep  (by*/with)  me and you  aren't   going  to the cinema. "  I asked my parents and they said , "Alright  you can go to  Pat's      to sleep . "  I was very happy, I  phoned     my boyfriend and I  told  him my secret . He  said , "Alright,  so at nine o'clock in front of the cinema". I  spent  a really beautiful evening with Pat and my boyfriend in the cinema, but on Sunday my mother  phoned  Pat's mother and Pat's mother  explained   the whole  story to my mother. If Pat  hadn't   told her mother the secret  I would     not   have had      a  problem. Since  that  Saturday evening I  have  never  spoken   (with*/to)  Pat.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show "OVER THE RAINBOW" ,  which I saw in your theatre  on  the 5th of June. I have been very disappointed by the quality of the show and the lies in your advertisement.
Firstly, I was looking forward to seeing Danny Brook, as written in the advertisement, but his part was played by another actor, without  any  information or  explanation   being given   (from*/by)  the  management . Secondly, I  couldn't  get a discount with my student card and the show started 45 minutes  late . In addition, the theatre restaurant, where we had planned to eat, was closed because the cook was ill.
I am therefore asking for a complete refund of my ticket and I hope you will improve the quality of your services in the future.
Yours faithfully
H. Coulez
 Unfortunately , Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. The poor boy was only 5  years  old and at this age   it's very difficult to keep your mouth shut knowing an important secret. So when he heard  by chance  that my parents were planning to  give  me a trip to San Fansisco as  a  present for my birthday, my little brother ran  (in*/into)  my bedroom  where  I was studying and whispered  the wonderful news in my ear . I knew they wanted to send me to America because they didn't want me to spend the summer with my boyfriend Fred, whom they didn't appreciate. But Fred booked a  seat  on a plane to San Fransisco and that's why, even if I didn't look delighted when my mum gave me my ticket for America, I had been looking forward to going with Fred for  one month already .
Dear manager,
My name is Joseph and I am writing this letter to complain about the  mess  that the  administration  of the Circle theatre presented to me.
Last week my son and I went to see Over the rainbow at the Circle theatre. We paid to see Danny Brook, my son's  favourite  actor, but we  were  quite  disappointed  . My  son was very happy because he would see  his favourite actor for the first time . However ,   that's  just the  beginning  of the problems we had. Expecting     British   punctuality  ,  we went to the theatre at 19:00 to  watch  the 19:30  show  but it only  started  at 20:15 . It  finished later than it was  supposed  to and then we missed the train. I  didn't see  any discounts available ;  I  thought  my son would  have paid  less than I. As we had  already  missed the first <NS type="MN"></NS> we went  (at*/to)  the theatre restaurant ,   which  is famous for  its  good food, however ,  it was closed.
 Because of  this,  the   least  you can do for us is to give  me  my money back and work hard so that this  theatre  ,   which  is  famous   (about*/for)  its beauty and  punctuality   doesn't  become famous  (about*/for)   its   disorganised  shows.
Thanks,
People have seen in the last 10 years how  different  our clothes  can  become   . Clothes    used to be made of  cotton , but nowadays we can see shirts, pants ,  socks....made of almost  anything . It is a revolution in    fashion that is starting now. Nowadays we have  drifit  a kind of clothes that keep the temperature of our  bodies  <NS type="M"></NS>,  and  clothes that don't get wet or even dirty. Computers  are  little things    nowadays, but at the speed at  which   technology   develops  ,  in the next century    clothes will tell our doctors  about  our  health  at any moment, any time,  anywhere , people will be able to locate us  around  the world. In the future we won't  buy  clothes  according to  size or even  colour  . Our  clothes will adapt to our  bodies , the weather, our  fit    ,  all  our  needs . It  has already started  and  has no   limits    .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow".
Firstly, the actors were supposed to be Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. However, Danny Brook did not appear in the show, it was another actor. This was really disappointing.
Secondly, the show was really late  starting . It started at 20.15, not at 19.30 as it was supposed to   . And, although you  had  promised  them  in your advertisement, there were no discounts available.
To make things  worse , the restaurant was closed. The manager said it was closed because they had not been informed that there would be a show  (in*/on)  that date.
To sum up, it was not a perfect evening out. And, I would appreciate  it  if you  gave  me a refund.
I look forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours faithfully,
What will clothes be like 100 years from now?
In my opinion, the clothes will be more colourful,  fun  and  comfortable . I think that we will not  wear  formal clothes anymore. People will prefer to  wear   comfortable  clothes, even to go to the office.
The clothes will be more colourful and consequently more  fun . We will not  wear  black clothes as we    used to   . People will  wear  yellow, pink and green clothes. This way, people tend to be happier.
However, the clothes will not be  like   those  teenagers     wear  nowadays to go to "raves".  They  will be more beautiful and clean.
Mainly, people will not be so fashionable as they are nowadays. They will wear  an   item of   clothing  only if they feel good wearing it. Actually, I think that the clothes will be really  simple  in 100 years and I hope to be alive until then.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Last week, I had a week's holiday in London, where I  hadn't  been for 2 years. I prepared everything for my family and wanted to enjoy it . We  were happy all the time, but, unfortunately,  the last day was the worst thing we have got , which was your musical show. At first, you said that   if we  bought  5 tickets, we would  have  a discount, but we didn't  have anything . Secondly, we booked  for  the show at 19:30, but it started at 20:15 . What's  wrong with your clock?   Thirdly,  the person  on stage was very  strange   (for*/to)  me, because I expected to see "Danny Brook", but I didn't. The last  thing   is  we wanted to have    dinner in your restaurant after  the  terrible musical show, but we couldn't   , because a waiter said your chef had gone home. I have no idea  what your business is  .  I have never seen  anything  like this.
By the way, I want you to  give   me  my money back  because of  the  wasted  time, and I think that you understand.
Yours faithfully,
Have you ever been  (in*/to)  the Countryside? Try it ;   it doesn't need to take a long time to live in that place, but it will give you many things , which are different from your lifestyle in  the  city. Nowadays you wake up in  the  morning, go to school or work  (by*/on)  the sky-train, start your lessons  (with*/on)  the computer, go    shopping in a store which has an air-conditioner, watch cartoons on TV, or cook  (by*/with)  a microwave oven etc. Do you really enjoy it?  Although     modern technology gives you many comfortable things  for living , can it  give  you  nature , peace and fresh air?  However  much    technology gives to you, it  takes   more from you . Have you heard about the  environmental   pollution , the  health  problems and the moral problems?  These all  happens  from human who want to live with science and technology, not the natural which the world gives it to us .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to you to complain about the unexpected evening I had when I went to see the musical show "Over the rainbow" in your theatre.
First of all, the time for the second session was meant to be at 19.30, but somehow it began at 20.15, which was a 45 minutes delay.
I was also expecting to see the actor Danny Brook performing, but a different actor did, who did not perform as well as Danny Brook does. This was another disappointing thing  (of*/about)  that evening.
But my  complaint  does not finish here. It was    my understanding that discounts were available on the tickets, as the advertisement showed, but there were no discounts. And what is more, I could not go to the restaurant after the show, as it was closed because the main chef was ill and could not come to work.
 Definitely , it was not my perfect evening at all and under these circumstances I really believe you should give me my money back.
Looking forward to hearing from you,
Alessandra Lane.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. As soon as she arrived home, she phoned her best friend Sue and told her everything, all details included. She also told her not to tell anybody about it because it was a secret.
The thing was that Mary couldn't resist the secrecy and phoned her cousin, who also studied in our school. She was the director of the school newspaper and Mary didn't tell her it was a secret, so on  Monday  at 9 a.m. MY SECRET was published in the school paper and at the end of the day, eventually everybody had read the "news". I didn't know it was published as I didn't read the paper and no one told me anything, either. But I soon knew it because when I went to the school canteen everybody was staring at me and whispering to  each other .
At first I didn't realise what was happening, but then a friend of mine told me that everyone knew that I was going out with the most popular boy in the school and that we had kissed  each other  in the park last  Friday . Suddenly my face went all red and I ran towards the toilet. I had never felt so embarrassed and miserable in my life, but luckily next day almost everybody forgot about it.
That day I swore to myself that I would never trust anybody again.
Dear Sir of Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical    which was  performed   (by*/at)  The Circle Theatre last week. I saw the performance and it was not  as  it was  described  in the  advertisement  I read in the local newspaper.
First of all, the main actor was not Dany Brook as    was expected   . That was very disappointing. Secondly it  was meant   to have  started at 14.30 and ended by 19.30. However, it started at 20.15. I had to wait almost an hour. Then, I was planning to buy three £20 tickets because it was  mentioned  in the advertisement that there were  discounts  available but that was not true, so I  could just  buy two tickets and my son could not see the show. Finally, I was thinking  of   having  dinner in the  theatre  restaurant after the show but it was closed due to some problems with the employees.
What was  supposed  to be a perfect and enjoyable evening, resulted in a very disappointing time. So I would be  grateful  if you  paid  for a full refund of the money I spent  (in*/on)  the tickets.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
Computers, radio,  CDs ,  satellite  television and a lot of other things have changed my daily life. Modern technology affects the way things are done and many aspects  (in*/of)  my life, and it has some advantages as  well as  some disadvantages.
On the one hand, technology is a great help for me at school. What I mean is that computers are very useful  for   doing  my homework (like some  monographies  or  research ). And I can't even think     what  it would be  like  not having a computer. Another  advantage  is that, for example ,   satellite  television, which is an example of modern technology,  keeps  me    informed about what is happening  (on*/in)  the whole world.
On the other hand, I have to admit that technology makes things so easy that when I have to do them without it I find it very difficult. The best example is the homework I have to do for school .  I can't manage to do it when I don't have my computer to help. In addition to that, technology  sometimes doesn't  let me develop my imagination and creative skills. My mother says that I'm always playing with my computer or watching T.V. instead of reading or doing some more interesting activities.
To  sum  up, I can't think     what  my life would be  like  without technology.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm writing to complain about a musical show which I've seen recently at your theatre. There are several  reasons  why I wasn't satisfied with it.
Firstly, it was written in the advertisement that a famous actor ,  Danny Brook ,  would  act  in the show. Despite  that , a different actor  starred  in the performance, which was really disappointing. Secondly, the beginning of the show was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be. Thirdly, no discounts were made when I was buying the tickets. Lastly, the theatre restaurant was closed after the show.
That evening wasn't my perfect one   , although it was promised to be so in the advertisement. This is the main  reason    why I want to ask for a refund. In my opinion, this would be quite fair.
I'm going to visit the Circle Theatre this Sunday. I hope I'll get at least a part of the money I've paid back.
Yours faithfully,
Fashion of the Future.
 (During*/Over)  the centuries man's clothes  have  been changing and even developing in some  ways . People wore clothes made from metal, which were rather heavy, I suppose. They wore enormous luxurious dresses, which, in my opinion, you can't feel very comfortable in. Nowadays people wear more  ordinary  clothes. I think we can  draw  a conclusion:  (during*/over)  the centuries man's clothes have been becoming less heavy and luxurious and more  ordinary .
People's clothes have been changing from  armour  to shorts and miniskirts. That's why I suppose   that man's clothes will be becoming  lighter and lighter . I think, they will be made of universal materials, which will be rather light and thin. People won't be  embarrassed  to show the beauty of their bodies. Perhaps, clothes will be rather small. I think, that different tops and mini-skirts will become more popular. Maybe, people will create something even smaller than that.
Who knows what will happen in the future? Perhaps,  armour  will become a craze again.
Saturday, June 17th, 2000.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show "Over the Rainbow" that has been  performed  in the Circle Theatre. As I was very anxious to see that show, I planned to go to the theatre  (in*/on)   my  last holiday, and I am completely disappointed with  it .
First of all, I have to say that the advertisement  promised something  totally different  (of*/from)  what I saw there. For example, the actors that were announced  as   taking  part in the show were not Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, the discounts were not available and ,  the principal point: it started  forty-five  minutes  late . Then, to complete this terrible night, the restaurant was closed. I wonder  if  you could explain  to  me why.
Due to my huge dissatisfaction, I would like my money back, as you do not  provide  what was advertised.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
MANUELA REVES RAVERNO
The influence of modern technology
Every day, the growth of    modern technology increases in the whole world and it is becoming essential in everybody's life. Today, almost no one can live without, for example, a television, a radio or electricity in their homes.
The huge growth of technology has brought lots of good  things   (to*/into)  my life, like the  potential  to be informed about everything that is happening around the world with the best image  (in*/on)  my cab TV and  (in*/on)  my computer. Without leaving my bedroom, I can go anywhere using the Internet. On the other hand, the excess of  convenience  can  lead  us, in the future, to a completely "cold" world, because of the distance  that can be created between people .  Other  bad points can be mentioned, like     pollution  for example.
Despite the bad  things  that    modern technology can bring, in my opinion, if the governments  tried  to do  their  best, and if everybody  contributed     a little bit, we  could  solve the main problems and only take advantage of the benefits to our  lives .
Sir,
I'm writing to you because I want you to give the money back ,   which I spent on  your  show   -  "London's newest and best musical show: Over the rainbow", presented in the Circle Theatre.
In fact, unlike the perfect evening out that you promised  (on*/in)  your advertisement, I had a very  disappointing  evening.
Firstly, I expected to see Danny Brook in the show, but he was replaced by another actor. Why was he not  there ?
Moreover I had to wait  forty-five  minutes  for  the beginning of the show. And I hate to wait! There  were  also the discounts  which  weren't available.
And to finish, the restaurant was closed, for    reasons you didn't  tell     us. So I couldn't eat  that  evening.
Hoping you'll  comply with  my request.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. So the surprise we prepared for    Leon's birthday had failed. However,  we'd  started to  plan     for it    one  month   before .  To start with , I wanted to bring him  (in*/to)  my house where everybody would wait for him. But he wanted to stay at    home. So Sigone  thought of  the greatest idea. We would pretend to have bought  a dog for him . Leon  hates   dogs , and I don't know why. So we had to find a dog that Leon wouldn't  recognise . And I found one. I had a friend who had just  got  a little dog. But he was    Pat's friend too, and Pat explained everything to Leon. No luck.
Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing to you to  complain  about the problem that happened in the play called "Over the rainbow", and  why  I would like to get some money back.
The problem is that most    of the  advertisement   was misleading . First of all, there were  no   discounts  on  the  tickets'  prices , and  they   were  advertised. Secondly, the play was advertised  as starting  at 19.30, but it started at 20:15.  Despite this  fact,  which  I did not care about    at  first , when the play started I did not see Danny Brook, who is my favourite actor ;  I saw another actor who was not Danny Brook.
Besides when I went to the restaurant it was closed, and I could not see it. But the main reason  (of*/for)  my complaint, is that in the  advertisement   it was  said it would be my perfect evening out, and it was not.
Therefore ,  for all  these reasons  ,  I would be happy to get some money back. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
How has modern technology changed my daily life
 Technology  has affected  my daily life so much . If I  did not have  it, I could not do most    of the things that I do today.
First of all, if I  did not have  it, I would not be able to  get  out of  the  city because I would not have  a  car. But we have it, and the thing that  has  changed  my life most   is  the  Internet .
Nowadays ,  with my computer, I can travel  anywhere  in the world, just  by having  it connected  (with*/to)  a modem.  The Internet   has  changed my life because ,  with it, we can do everything at home. For example if  one day  I forgot  a  book,  I can find the book on the Internet , and more information  too .
Another thing apart from the  Internet  and the car that has changed my life is the TV. With the TV I can  get  all the information   , moreover I can see films  ( through */on)  it. And the best thing is that it  entertains  me alone or with people.
In conclusion I think that without    technology we could not live as  well  as we live  now , and our lives would be so  very  boring.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I write you this letter to complain about your musical show. First of all, the show began three quarters of an hour late: it started at quarter past eight instead of half past seven,  which  of course was very  annoying .
I went to your show to see Mr. Danny Brook, who was supposed to play the main character, but he didn't  appear . He had been replaced by a really bad actor,  of  whom I don't even know the name. I was very  disappointed   (of*/with)  that change, because Mr. Brook is one of my favourite  actors .
There were supposed to be discounts for the tickets,  which  appeared to be wrong  too . I had to pay the full  price  for them, which was quite  expensive .
My wife and I had decided to eat at the theatre restaurant after the play. It turned  out  to be impossible: the restaurant was closed and we didn't even  receive  an  explanation    .
I had a really bad evening and would like to ask you for my money back.
Waiting for your reply
Yours faithfully
Pierre Gaussier
In my opinion modern technology has changed my life a lot. First  (off*/of)  all, if computers  hadn't  been invented, I wouldn't spend half of the day in front of  one ! I use my computer for many things, such as  homework , games, digital video or  the  Internet.
The  development  of portable communication systems, such as mobile phones ,  has greatly changed our way of life. It is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and  anytime , even if we are two thousand  kilometres  away from each other.
Precision industry has changed my life a lot too. I  go  Scuba Diving during the  weekends  and  holidays . That wouldn't have been possible a century ago, because all our  equipment , such as  diving  computers, tanks or regulators ,  didn't  exist  at that time.
I think that we live easier now (thanks to modern medicine) and that our lives will get easier with    time.
Dear sir,
I am writing to draw your attention to the musical show that  took  place  yesterday  evening. None of  the  conditions  were  fulfilled: firstly, Danny Brook, who was going to perform in the show, was changed  (by*/for)  another actor. As a result it was a disappointing performance. Furthermore, the show started at 20:15 while the  advertisement  said that it was going to begin at 19:30.
 Furthermore ,    there  weren't  any discounts  (in*/on)  the  price  of the tickets.
To make matters worse, when the show finished we couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because of the fact that it was closed (since it was being painted).
I am very surprised that such a reputable theatre like yours has been able to break all  the  promises that  were made  in the  advertisement . Of course, what    was going to be a perfect evening out turned into a very disappointing evening, and I would  be  very  grateful  if you  could  refund me  the price of my ticket .
Yours faithfully
What will clothes be like 100 years from now?
I imagine  they  will be very different.  Scientists  will  invent  new materials that will keep the  body's  temperature in a suitable range. In that way people won't feel cold or hot, they will  always be  at the same temperature. In addition these new  materials   will   weigh  hardly anything.
 As well as that , people won't be as worried about fashion as  nowadays , however ,  it will be very important that clothes are comfortable and suitable for your work and daily duties as well as sport  and  everything you have to do. For that reason clothes will be  simpler  and more  practical .
Besides, everybody will be able to afford to buy  them  then  . That's   because  the  price  of this sort of material will be very  affordable .
Of course, the resources used and  the  manufacturing <NS type="MN"></NS> will be completely harmless for the  environment  because people will be more aware of the  necessity  of taking care of the world we live in.
June 17th, 2000
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about the Musical    'Over the Rainbow' ,   performed   (on*/at)  the Circle theatre last week.
To begin with, there were no discounts available, and nobody seemed to be able to explain the reason  why . Second, the musical started forty-five minutes  late ! and, to make matters worse, the actor was not Danny Brook as the advertisement said. The new actor was not as good as Danny Brook, and he did not perform  in  the show as he should have done.
Finally, I found that the theatre restaurant was closed because there had been problems with one of the ovens.
What was  supposed  to be a perfect evening out turned  out  to be  a  disappointing one instead. I am afraid something should be done about this, and I urge you to refund my ticket.
I am looking forward to receiving your response.
Yours faithfully,
It is often said that technology has changed our lives in many ways, and that we live better now. However, technology has also brought many problems to Society.
Technology  creates   for  me a lot of new possibilities every day, and it also makes everything easier. If I want to know how a friend is, I just have to phone him; I can see how the world is  getting  on  just  by switching on the television, and I can cook in  a   few  minutes using the  Microwave  oven.
However, there are a lot of negative aspects  (in*/to)  the way that technology affects my life. As technology develops so fast, there are always new things to buy, and it also reduces the amount of jobs available, so it is getting hard to find a job.
In  conclusion , I think that technology has two faces which  affect  my life as well as everybody else's life. I believe that we should try to change  these  bad aspects, or learn to live with them.
For the attention  (to*/of)  the manager: I am writing to complain about the organization of the musical show that the Circle Theatre presented. Firstly, it was said that the stars who were  invited to the estatement  were Dany Brook and Tina Truelove. However, Dany Brook did not act and was replaced by another actor who was terribly disappointing  (on*/in)  his performance. In addition, the  show  was supposed to start at 19.30 but we could not enjoy the show until 20.15. The advertisement for the show announced that we  would   be  able to visit the Theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed  because  the Chef who  runs  the Restaurant did not remember to bring the keys to open it. Also, the advertisement said that discounts  (for*/on)  the tickets would be available, but  they   were  not. To conclude, I would be grateful if the organization  running  the theatre  gave   me  my money back. yours sincerely,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and she told her mother what had happened during the concert.
Peter had a  terrible  problem with drugs. He started to  consume  the stuff at the age of twenty. He had problems at home because his mother wanted to settle down  (to*/in)  Australia, but Peter was used to  living  in New York,  where it is  overcrowded and  he was   surrounded  by people. Australia is  too calm a country  for him.
We invited him to    the  Texas concert  but he started to  talk   nonsense  because of the drugs. Firstly, he began to run around the crowd and also to hit the advertisements which announced the concert. A security guard saw  this  and  turned  his attention  (on*/to)  him. Pat stared at him and asked for help. The security guard heard her and  agreed  with Pat that if Peter continued acting  (on*/in)  this way he would  advise  us to  leave  the concert.
He did   .
When we arrived    home, Pat told    his mother what had happened.
Dear manager,
My name is German Schmidt  and     last week I went  (in*/to)  your theatre to see the musical show "Over the Rainbow". There  were  some problems   we have to speak about.
 First , the actor was not Danny Brook ,  there was a different actor, who I don't know. In the advertisement  (of*/for)  the show  it  was written that the musical  would     start at 19:30, but it started at 20:15.
After the    show I  wanted  to spend some time in your theatre restaurant but it was not open, because all of your cooks and waiters are  (in*/on)   holiday .
And this  was  not  a  perfect evening  and  your theatre was very expensive for me.  I paid  £ 160 for eight people and there  were  no discounts available.
In my  opinion  you have to give some money back to me. I think 50% (£80)  is  enough.
If you  don't give me any  money back, I will go to the newspaper.
faithfully
 First  I  will  say that our  level of technology     (in*/at)   the   present  time  is  very high but in the future it  will  be higher.
With the help of some modern technology our daily  lives  would not  be  so difficult.
One  example  in my life is home banking. With the help of my home computer I can do all  kinds of   things ,  (about*/with)  money, with my bank. Some years ago I  had  to go to the bank. The new way is very easy and faster and I can  spend  my time  (with*/on)  other things.  Another   example  is the modern technology in my car. Because of    modern technology, the safety level  (in*/of)  my car is very high.
 Finally  I would say that  none  of us can    live without    modern technology, because    modern technology is  essential  for us in all parts of our  lives .
Dear Sir,
A few days ago, as I was having a week's holiday in London, I read your advertisement ,  which convinced me to go to see your show: Over The Rainbow. I must tell you that this show was the worst one I had ever been to.
First of all, I was very disappointed by the fact that the actors who  performed  were not the ones who were supposed to  be   there !
I was all the more angry as the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ,  as    was written in your ad! Another problem: there was no discount available!
Finally, at the end of this very disappointing evening, I decided to go to the theatre restaurant - which was also mentioned in your ad - but I was told that this    was closed  for  a private party!
To put it in a nutshell, contrary to what was  described  in the advertisement, it was not my perfect evening out and that is why I would like to get my money back.
I look forwards to hearing from you
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. When you told her something important, she could not help telling it to someone else so as not to be the only one to know it. Actually, even though she was seventeen, she still behaved like a  ten-year-old  child and it was very difficult for her to know that she could not do or tell something - like a secret ,  for example. Thus when Sally explained  to  her that she had fallen in love with Kevin, Pat felt very  awkward . In fact, she knew that even if Sally was her best friend, she would not be able to keep such a secret. It might seem a bit strange but if Pat had been able to choose whether she wanted to know a secret or not, she would have  preferred  not to know it. Pat was totally upset. She felt all the more ill at ease as Sally trusted her. Thus when Sally asked her not to reveal the secret, Pat ran away,  went  home,  and  locked herself in her bedroom. But when she saw the phone that she used in order to call her friends, she started to cry since she knew that she would use it.
Dear  Sir/Madam 
I'm writing  to  you     to complain  about  the  musical show   that I  went to  last evening. I had a  week's  holiday in London, so I wanted to spend my last evening  with great pleasure , however it was the  worst  evening in my life.
First of all, the actors were different from those who were advertised. Second, the show started at 20:15,  although  I read that it  would start  at 19:30!  Moreover  ,  after watching  the  show I wanted to visit your theatre restaurant, but it was closed, it really disappointed me.
It was my dream to see Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, so it is still my dream because of your show.
So, I had no perfect evening out and I want my money back. I hope you'll understand my situation and if you want other people to visit your show, you should return my money.
Yours  faithfully 
How has modern  technology  changed my daily life ?  Fifty years ago people  didn't even  think that after 2000 years they would have another life. When Thomas Adison invented    electric light, it was the greatest invention for people of that  century . And nowadays modern technology can change all our  lives . I mean, almost everyone  now has  a car, a computer, a  mobile  phone and even an airplane. My life is changing too. First of all ,  now I can phone my friends and parents from every place, I can chat with other foreign teenagers with the help of the  Internet . Second ,  modern technology helps me in the kitchen.  Cooking   has become  faster with the help of the microwave. What is more ,   modern  technology prevents different illnesses.  Furthermore , yesterday  I heard  that every man could fly  (to*/into)     space without any experience, it is great, from my point of view ,   that  in  the year 2050  everybody will fly  (to*/into)     space.
On the other hand ,  people can  atrophided  of all  these  inventions.  They  become lazy because they know that they can  sit  on the sofa and  change  the  channels  on the TV by pressing a  button .
In conclusion ,  I want to say that  in spite  of this, I hope that in future we will have more and more new inventions and they will  prevent  our disasters and problems.
Dear Sir/Madam:
I am writing to ask about your advertisement and theatre show. I am a student in Liverpool, and recently I had a week's holiday in London.  On my first  day in London, I saw your advertisement which was very interesting to me. But I was really disappointed  by  it.
First of all, there was only one actor that was different from your advertisement. Also, it was certain  (to*/for)  me  to be able  to  buy  a discount  ticket   because  I am a student. But, it was not  possible .
Second, I went to the theatre  at  exactly seven thirty in the evening. However ,  the show started 45 minutes later. I wasted  too much time     waiting. It was not good  (to*/for)  me,  because  I had only one  weeks  holiday in London. Moreover ,  the theatre restaurant was closed with the word " Staff  vacation" on the front door after the show. It was  totally  different from your leaflet.
On the whole, I was really disappointed at that time. Could you  give  me  half of my  money back ?  I enclose my phone number and address.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
Lo Son Lin.
Fashion of the Future.
Have you ever seen the film star wars?
And did you notice something about fashion of the future?
I think the people will wear convenient clothes with  a  simple design in the future. Because the people will stay at home more than now with their computer. And they will use soft cozy  fabrics  like cotton and silk.
However, if they have some special day    like  an  important public day or special day of their life, they will wear very different kinds of clothes which    you  have  never seen before. Some of that will be very strange to our eyes, but some of  the  others will be familiar to us. And they will use    most kinds of things  like small stone to diamond etc.  Maybe some  people   will be   naked .
It will be very interesting...
Just imagine the  future people's way of life  , and  you can see    their clothes also.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to inform you about the differences between  your   advertisement  and the real show. I am also expecting to get some money back.
First of all, the show started 45 minutes late. We all had to sit and wait because there was nobody to explain the reason  (of*/for)  the delay and  apologise  about it. If there  had been  someone to do so, we could have gone out to eat something.
Then, as we were told that the show was  beginning , the second shock of the evening faced us. Instead of the famous actor Danny Brook, a very bad and disappointing actor showed up.
Watching the show plus the 45 minutes of delay made us hungry of course so we decided to eat at the theatre restaurant. As it was too late, the restaurant was closed and we starved till we got to our homes. We were also disappointed because there were no discounts!
(As I mentioned above) I was very disappointed and I am asking for some money back if possible.
PAT AND SECRETS
.... Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Knowing that ,  he decided    not to see Alison until the birthday party.
Everybody was given a job, and Pat's job was buying the cake and the candles. The best bakery was  (at*/on)  the other side of the town so there was no danger  (for*/of)  him  seeing  Alison and  revealing  the party.
He went out of his house and got on his bike to go to the bakery. On his way he saw lots of places he could  have bought  the birthday cake but knowing that the safest one was the one which  was      the   handiest   for  Alison's house ,  he kept on riding.
When he reached the bakery, he was quite relieved and he almost forgot that he had a secret to keep.  After   picking  the best cake he was preparing to go back. He suddenly saw Alison and said " Do  you like the cake ? It's  for your birthday party".
After the conversation was over Pat still wasn't aware of what he had done, and he didn't find out till the party took place.
Dear manager,
Last week I went to the Circle theatre,  (of*/for)  which you are  responsible , to  see  the musical show "Over the Rainbow". The advertisement outside the theatre  described  a lot of interesting things to enjoy. I am writing this letter because I have had a very disappointing evening. Everything in the advertisement has been done in the Wrong Way. Firstly there was a different actor in the starring  role ; you  had  written DANNY BROOK and he was absent. I had  attended  the show because I like DANNY BROOK a lot, but you  had  changed the  programme . Moreover the advertisement said that the  time of the show  was 19.30; on the contrary it started    45 minutes    late. Another thing that was wrong is about discounts: you had written they were available, but they were not and so I had to pay the  full     price. But the worst thing was that after the show the restaurant  (of*/in)  the theatre was closed and so I had to go to another place to have dinner.
So it was not "my perfect evening out" and because of my disappointment I am  writing  to ask you  for  some money back.
I think modern technology has changed  mankind's  life a lot,  especially   since  last century. The  changes  brought by modern technology are so important that today no one can live without this technology or  without  a part of it. In my situation for example cars and motorcycles are a necessity   : I live on a little mountain at 160 metres     altitude  so I cannot go to the city using a  bicycle . Because of my "isolation"  the  telephone is very important and I need a good personal computer with a modem and  the   Internet      to study  or do  research , because there are not  any  book shops to buy or borrow books in my little town. Moreover  my mother does not let me go out with my friends to the city without a cellular phone  because it is too far and she  gets  worried. Another thing that I appreciate a lot is the electric guitar; I like  to play guitar very much , and in my free time I prefer  to play  electric, than acoustic or  classical  guitar ,  using distortion and gain and the highest volume possible.
Dear Sir,
I went to your show called "Over The Rainbow" and I was really  disappointed   (in*/by)  many  things .
Firstly, you spoke about two actors ,  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove,  but  instead of them we had two others and they were really bad. So I was really surprised. In addition to this you started the show 45 minutes late. It was boring for everybody. How could we appreciate the show properly.
Moreover, in your advert you  wrote   that there were  discounts available but it was not the case. No discounts were available. Then you  invited  people to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because there  were  no staff to welcome    people. You offered something  you could not possibly provide . I did not have a good time for all of  these  reasons and I would like you to give  me  my money back.
I hope  you  understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible. Thank you.
yours sincerely
O. Labro
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. The nightmare started  at this time . I  thought  she was a really good friend but I made a mistake. She couldn't keep my secret and everybody knew which boy I was in love with. She didn't tell me    but when I came  (in*/to)   the  class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well. I looked at her and she became pale and  suddenly  left the class. I followed her and caught her to push her  (on*/to)  the ground. I was ready to fight but somebody stopped me. I couldn't go back to the class so I went home. My Mum was at home and I told her  the whole  story. She said that I had to be strong and  not  care about them. So I went to the class and everybody was laughing at me and the boy told them to  stop  because he loved me and wanted to be with me.  Then  all the girls became jealous and stopped  laughing .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm writing to complain about your musical show "OVER THE RAINBOW", which I recently saw at the Circle Theatre. It was the only disappointment during my holiday in London, since several  things  didn't  work  out as promised in your advertisement.
First of all, there were no discounts available, and having  paid  £20 I had to wait 45 minutes longer than expected since the show began at 20:15 and not at 19:30.
As a second point, the actor was not Danny Brook, as  advertised , but someone else I've never    heard of before. His acting and singing  were  horrible.
 Finally , after all these  disappointments , I was not able to have  dinner  in your theatre restaurant. It was closed  (of*/for)  some reason I still don't know.
You see, it was not the "perfect evening out", as you had promised in the advertisement.  Therefore , I would like to ask for at least half of my money back.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon,
Yours faithfully, Ewe P Meier
The pressure of secrets
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. And if he had been able to keep one, the following story wouldn't have happened.
Pat was a teacher  (for*/of)   English  as a foreign language. Sometimes he had liked to surprise his class with a test to see how good they would be when they could not have  revised  for it in advance. And always,  everybody   did  it surprisingly well.
What was the reason? Pat used to show the test to his friend Nick, when he had finished it ,  to get his opinion. Nick  then   took  a copy of the test to  file  it. And     Nick's girlfriend  happened to be in Pat's class. She was quite clever and had known everything about this, so she had  made  copies for her classmates and everybody was prepared.
You see, each little secret is a kind of pressure to Pat, and he only feels free if he can tell someone about it. And this is the same for everybody, isn't it?
Or can you keep a secret?
Dear Sir or Madam, With reference to your  advertisement  regarding the musical show "Over the rainbow" I am writing to  you  with the intention  of   giving  you an impression of our experiences  attending  the  above-mentioned  show. We were disappointed to realize that not Danny Brook but a different actor played one of the main characters. Honestly it was a less impressive performance than we had expected. According to your  advertisement  the play should have started at 19:30. Unfortunately there was an unexplained delay of 45 minutes. The audience had to sit and wait until 20:15. What made the situation worse is that no explanation for the delay was given; not even an  apology . We had been told that discounts  (to*/on)  the  ticket prices  were  available  but  (at*/on)  the evening of the show no discounts or special offers whatsoever were offered. After the show we had intended to visit your theatre restaurant ,  which was - to our surprise - closed because of the    delay! So we had to leave hungry and with a certain feeling of frustration and disappointment. Honestly for us it was not that "perfect evening out". We would like to ask you if there is any chance  of   getting  our money back    or if you can offer any other alternative  for our convenience ? We are looking forward to hearing from you. Yours faithfully M. S.
"The old man and the Sea"
Dear Tim,
I'm writing to you regarding the radio programme next Saturday where "The old man and the Sea" by Earnest Hemingway will be read. I recommend you listen to it! As you know we have already had several discussions about literature and what it can tell or teach us. I suppose you still wonder what the great authors can do for us? Therefore Hemingway is a very good example. He fought in the Spanish Civil war and in World War II  was  always  in search of  answers to questions like "... what defines a man", or "... what happens to us in critical situations". These experiences influenced him so deeply that he described his feelings in several books. One of the most interesting ones is "The old man and the Sea". A story of an old seaman leaving his town to  prove  that he is still able to catch the biggest fish ever caught. The story describes his feelings, thoughts, fears and emotions during a struggle with a giant deep-sea fish. In the end he wins but before he is able to get back he has to "sacrifice" his fish to attacking sharks. So did he finally win or loose? An interesting story - demanding in a way - which can give you an impression of Hemingway's work and what he meant by "pace under pressure".
I hope you will enjoy it! Please let me know!
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Kind regards
M. S.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I recently had a holiday in London and  went  to your musical show 'Over the Rainbow' but found it very disappointing.
It  said   in the advertisement that the singers are Danny Brook and Tina Truelove . However, there was a different ,  unknown actor in that. The show started  late  ,  at 20:15 ,  which was very different  (in*/from)  '19.30'  as shown . There was no discount at all ,  which  was  in contrast with 'Discounts  Available '. After the show, I wanted to have something in the theatre restaurant and found it was closed  for  no reason.
The real show    is really very different to what  is   described  in the advertisement. I am unsatisfied and would like to ask for some money back. Please would you also change the advertisement  to the level of  the actual facts.
Thank you for your attention.
Yours faithfully,
What will clothes be like 100 years from now? It is a very hard thing to predict.
The fashion  (of*/in)   nowaday   clothing     just  keeps  on changing. Although some may  appear  again after  a  few years ,  different styles are developed.
 Concerning  the fashion of the future, I think it depends on    people's    personalities and  they   develop  their own styles which  suit  them the most. They can wear different kinds of clothing,  like they design for themselves or those like history can wear those of  Victorian   times  and in different countries .
 As for  the colours, I think     metallic  colours, especially silver, will be the most popular. As different kinds of  fabrics   will be invented  and  the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen . Maybe paper can also be a  fabric   used      to make   clothing  and for those who like to wear new clothes  every day . They can be thrown away after wearing  them  and  are  light enough to be carried around whenever you want to change  what   you're  wearing.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am  writing  this letter to complain about the treatment that we  received  when we went to the Circle theatre in order to see the musical show "Over the rainbow" ,  whose actors were Anthony Keens and Tina Truelove.
When we arrived at the Circle theatre in the evening, we  waited   (during*/for)  a long time, because     your  advertisement  stated  that the    show would begin at 19:30, and eventually it began at 20:15.
Moreover, the actors were not the same  as   the ones in  the advertisement. Finally, after the show we went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because they were on  holiday . This evening was the worst evening of    my life.
I would like    you  to give  me back some money  (of*/for)  the tickets.
I look  forward  to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully.
PEDRO REZ SORAN
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She told our parents that we were going to get married in Brazil. Because of this, Sally's parents and my parents went to Brazil  posthaste . Sally and I had bought a nice big house beside the sea  (in*/on)  the outskirts of the city. It had three bedrooms, two bathrooms, one dining room and one kitchen. Indeed, it had a big swimming pool and a  beautiful  garden. When my parents arrived in Brazil and found us, our dreams were erased. We had to come back to Spain. Because of this, we had to sell the house and left our jobs. When we arrived in Spain, we had to explain  to  our parents all  about  our adventure.
That day was the worst day of    my  whole  life.  Now , Sally and I are married, have three children, a marvellous house and both of us are working  (in*/for)  a big company.
Sir manager,
I am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement  (on*/in)  the newspaper.
I am disappointed because of the horrible evening I have had .  I was on holiday in London and I did not have  enough time  to spend there, but when you said that  your  show was the best I decided to go. When I bought my ticket I asked for a discount and they said  none was  available. At first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best  I  would  pay  what they  asked .
I arrived at the theatre in time and the musical    started later than I expected so I was getting  irritable  because I  very much dislike      lateness , but that was not all.
When the show started the person who was acting  in  it was not Danny Brook and  the replacement   didn't seem  to be an actor. Really he was bad. Afterwards I decided to go for a meal in the theatre restaurant but It was closed. So you can imagine how I felt because of the irritating evening out I had.
I am  let down   by  your behaviour. You wanted to cheat me, so I will be very  pleased  if you could give my money back.
I am looking forward  to  your answer.
 Yours  faithfully,
I think technology has changed my life and the  way of life  of almost  everyone  around the world.
First of all ,  technology is very useful nowadays but really I dislike it because in some ways we are becoming machines too.
Since the creation of PCs, people - and me too, of course -  have been   doing  different things.
For example we can buy food, clothes and whatever we need by  Internet  or by telephone.
I can  find out  what is happening in  different  parts of the world in a few minutes.
A very good  aspect  of this change is that women have more freedom to  work  because before  we   had  the technology they  had  to stay at home doing housework but now we have laundries and a lot of machines like microwave  ovens .
 Personally  I dislike computers. I don't know how to use them but I know I have to change because they help    to make our lives easier.
On the other hand what will happen  (with*/to)  us in the future? Our  lives  will be managed by robots and they will replace us  at work .
So, what are we going to do?
Something that I note about technology is that we are  losing  green places and there  is  a lot of pollution, so we have to be careful.
Saturday, June, 17th
Dear M. White,
I went to the Circle theatre last week on  Monday  and I would say that I had a very disappointing evening   there.
Firstly,  I'd  read in the advertisement that the actors who were playing that night were D. Brook and T. Truelove. Now you can guess how disappointed I was when I saw that there were different (and worse) actors!
Secondly, the musical show started at 20.15 instead of 19.30.. so I had to wait forty-five minutes outside and it was raining cats and dogs!
And then I discovered that the discounts were not available for the tickets. Moreover, the theatre restaurant was closed after the show and I was really hungry because I hadn't had my dinner that evening in order to be on time for the show.
To sum up,  it  wasn't a "perfect evening out". I'd rather say that it was a catastrophe! And I am really sorry, but consequently I would ask you for some money back. Thank you for considering my request.
Yours faithfully,
Modern technology has  completely  changed my daily life, which  has become  more comfortable, and easier.
For instance, my discman gives me the possibility to listen to music or to the radio everywhere: in the underground, or when I walk in the city. Moreover, it disturbs nobody, and that's great.
Another simple example is my mobile telephone; A few years ago, I had to buy a telephone card and then to find a telephone box to call my parents and to tell them that I would be late for dinner, or other stuff like that. Yet my hand phone is in my bag and I  take  it everywhere.
But I think the best technological invention which changed my life is the  Internet  - Thanks to it, I have  a  hundred friends all over the world and I know many different cultures.
All these examples are  very few demonstrations  to show how technology could affect our lives nowadays.  In my opinion , modern technology is a great thing unless it is used to serve bad intentions.
Dear Manager
A few days ago I went to the Circle theatre to see a musical show which     is showing  in your theatre now.  It  made me very  disappointed . There are several reasons that I was not happy about the musical.
The first one I am going to  complain  about is the actor. I could not see Danny Brook during the show. There was  a  different actor instead of him.
Secondly, the times, it's  on   at  14.30 and 19.30 so I  chose  19.30. However ,  it was  delayed   and  it started  at  20.15. Also ,  I had a student identification card to  get a discount on  the ticket price but  discounts were unavailable . The theatre restaurant was closed after the show, they said funds  had   run  out.
Those are totally  unacceptable  so I    would like to get paid for my ticket cost. I ask you to  transfer  money into this account. Barclays bank 1010-10 1234567
Jon Sun.
Yours faithfully
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
First of all it's difficult say what exactly modern technology is now but I can say for sure  it   keeps  developing and much better than the past. Think about the  computer , the speed of  computers  is much faster than before. I  couldn't even  imagine our p.c  could  be that fast.
Also T.Vs, I guess that I  would not have been  able to watch colour T.V if I was born in 1960. T.V colour only  consisted  of white and black.
 Nowadays  ,     technology     keeps   developing  and    better technology gives us  an  easier life.
Another example, the  Internet . This is  a  revolution which has changed our daily life.
You can  do     shopping on the  Internet  and it might  be  the fastest way to gather any information you would like to  find .
However ,  it  can also  make our life very lazy. This is one other important thing to remember.
People who have their  own  car,    don't attempt to walk    even if it is  a  short distance.
The improvement of technology can makes our life easy and  on the other hand  it  can also   make  our life lazy.
JUN 17th, 2000
Dear MR SMITH,
My name is Volencia Vardez. I am writing to complain about the services that you are offering  (during*/at)  the shows at your theatre.
Last May, I had a  week's  holiday in London, and during my trip I decided to buy tickets for OVER THE RAINBOW, the MUSICAL   . I was really excited  (with*/about)  the idea of seeing that show.
First of all, when I arrived, I  found  a note stuck on the front door that informed  me  about changes  (at*/to)   the   list of performers . Danny Brook was ill. He was replaced by another actor whose abilities were  poor .
Secondly, I want to tell you that the show started  forty-five  minutes  late .
 As  to the tickets, I want to say that they are very expensive. I had put some money aside for  that  month, thinking about the discount, but when I  went  to buy them they said that discounts were not  available .
To  conclude , the restaurant was closed.
I  would  appreciate  it  if you could send me my money back.  Waiting  for your  reply .
Yours Faithfully.
Unfortunately, Pat was not very good at keeping secrets. That is why she could  not  be a spy.
When she was a girl, Pat used to play  spy  and  detective  games. Her mother gave  her  a book  for her birthday about how to become a spy . She had watched all  of  Mission Impossible and gadget, the inspector series.
When she finished    school, she went to study  (to*/at)  the Agent  Training  Agency where she learnt about guns, clues, agencies, etc. She was the best student they  had  ever had.
But things changed during her first mission. She was  sent  to New York to discover how some people from  the  government gave money to the merchants because they  wanted  to build a Trade  Centre  there.
At first she walked around the  bay-side  market ,  looking  (for*/at)  all the people who were there. When she saw a man, different  (for*/from)  the rest, talking with one of the  salesmen  , she interrupted immediately  and told    the man that she was a secret agent. Obviously the man realised that she was looking for him and said that she was really crazy!
You can imagine what  happened   (with*/to)  her cover   .
Dear Mr. Smith,
I am writing to you in order to  describe  my last visit  (in*/to)  your  theatre .  Unfortunately  ,  I am    very disappointed about  the  organisation  (in*/of)  your company.
 Firstly  ,  the musical show started not at 7.30 p.m. but 45 minutes later. I paid for this performance the full price  of  £20 because discounts were not available although  (on*/in)  your advertisement  they  were. And the biggest disappointment for me was that the  great  Danny Brook, the best singer in London, wasn't present and  another unknown person was singing . And last but not least ,  I  found out  after the show that your theatre restaurant was closed because waiters didn't come...
I don't know  whether  it is a typical situation in the Circle  Theatre  that  it   promises  much more then the people can get for their money, or  whether  it was on June 7 (my visit) only, but I  do  not  approve of  such  a  situation and  must  ask you for my money back - my bank account number is enclosed. I am looking forward  (for*/to)   your   answer .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion ,  modern technology  has changed  our daily life tremendously.
First of all it changed our  lifestyle . For example ,  ten years ago    almost all people visited cinemas and today they prefer watching films at home because they have relatively good video-recorders and  TVs . Because    people have fast and comfortable cars, they are much more  mobile  and can spend their  free time  more  actively  - they can often visit their friends and travel much more. People today are more  open  for the world.
 Secondly  ,  we can do our jobs today more  efficiently . We have modern equipment for communication - phones, faxes, E-mail. We can communicate with our  clients  faster and better and offer them better  services .  Ordered  goods can be  delivered  in  a  shorter time by  trains , trucks and modern ships. If we are more efficient we can earn more money and spend it more  (for*/in)  our daily life -  (for*/on)  better clothes, furniture,  spare time .
I am a fan  (for*/of)  modern technology.
Dear Sir,
I've  recently been  to one of  your  musical shows called "Over the rainbow"  (in*/at)  the Circle theatre in London ,  thinking it might be a good idea but it was  disappointing . I'm  writing  this letter to explain  to  you what  happened  and  to look  for a solution.
To begin, the  organisation  of your  colleagues   (of*/in)  the theatre was awful  for   various   reasons . Despite saying it  would  start at 19:30, it  started  at 20:15 ,  which I think is  much too  late for a good theatre like yours.  Also , you say in the advertisement  we should   visit  your restaurant, however ,  it was  closed  . How  can you explain that?
Secondly, there  was  some false information in your advertisement that made me angry. You  said  it would be Danny brook    who  would   sing  but it wasn't. And  to sum up , there weren't  any  discounts on the prices of the tickets.
For all  these reasons , I want my money back, at least 15 of the 20 pounds  I paid . Looking    forward  to  hearing from you.
 Yours  faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, so  without want  I knew that  there  was going to be a concert  (on*/in)   our  city  given   (of*/by) , from my point of view, the best group  (of*/in)  the world, Oasis. And she had planned with my friends  to go     without me.
At first I got  more angry with Pat  than with  my   other  friends  (of*/in)  the group,  because  Pat was and is my best friend. However, a couple of minutes later, I calmed down and asked  her  why. She answered     , "Because  all this year  you  have been so  irritable  that  you  got angry with  everybody  who tried to talk to  you , "  and the  other   friends  had convinced her to  dump me .
 Then  I realised that she  had  reason .  I was  irritable   because  my  parents   were  going to  get   divorced , but Pat would always be my best friend so I told her that I wasn't angry with her and I was not going to go to the concert  because  I had to go to the court to solve my parent's affair.
I asked her to  take  photos of Oasis for me and she  agreed to . If Pat had been good at keeping secrets, I wouldn't have known anything about the concert and I wouldn't have got angry  (for*/about)  not being able to go.
And that's the  story  of how I  missed  the  opportunity  to go to the only concert that Oasis  have   given  in my city.
Dear Manager
I'm writing to complain about  the  poor  administration  of your theatre , because  the advertisement for  the  show and the  actual  show were completely different.
First of all, as you can see Starring was Danny Brook and Tina Truelove  (on*/in)  your advertisement but when I sat  in  my seat,  a  different actor and actress appeared. I was very disappointed because I was longing     to see  them ,  as a fan. Moreover, the show didn't start in time so I had been waiting for ages.
In addition, when I entered    the theatre I couldn't have  a  discount in spite of  being   a  student and I couldn't use    your restaurant either after the show.  (In*/At)  that time, it was closed because it had been being repaired.  It was  nonsense, wasn't it?
Anyway, it was not "My perfect Evening out" but I think that it was a kind of "contract infringement" so I would like to ask for my money back.
I look forward to hearing from you soon
Yours faithfully
How has modern technology changed our daily life? Of course, our life will be completely changed. However, we have to consider     our nature and  human being  .
First of all, the developed technology and science will make our life more convenient than now. All your  tasks  will be performed by    computers. For example, if you watch "The Star Trek" - science fiction programme on TV, you will realise that you  can just  say "Do it" and then the computers will do it.
However, there are some problems. If all your  staffs  are fulfilled by    computers, we might be idler than now. Moreover, we have to consider    our  environment . As you know, even now, science and technology are destroying our environment, for example weird temperature etc. If we don't protect our environment, our daily life will not be convenient. Rather ,  our daily life will be deteriorated.
To sum up, future civilization is important for us. If there is  no our good nature,  our daily life will be unhappy.
Dear Manager,
I'm writing you this letter because yesterday I went to the theatre to see the musical    and I had many problems, so I demand my money back.
First of all ,  when I paid my entrance  fee  they didn't  accept     my discount ticket, they  told  me that the ticket was  fake , then I  entered     the theatre and I had to wait 45  minutes  . The  show was  supposed  to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15, "this  shows  a lack of respect".
When the show started the  billing  was wrong because it said that  actor  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove  appeared  and Danny Brook  didn't  act, it was another actor that nobody knew, "Really this is very disappointing". After the show I planned to go to the restaurant with my wife, but what do you think    happened? "The restaurant was closed".
Manager ,  I  expect  that you  have considered  my bad experience  (in*/at)  your theatre, so I'm asking you for my money back, because   it was a very bad evening.
Sincerely,
Classmate Secret Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets for his classmate. The class had organized a secret party for our friend   Nick  who  was leaving the school  (on*/in)  2 more weeks.  It all  started when Pat,  Nick's best friend , wanted to  have  the party  (in*/at)  his house . Most  of the class  disagreed  with that because the  Pat's house  is  extremely  little, they started to say  to  him that his house was like a box. Pat got very  angry  and sad. Pat ,  affected  (with*/by)  this situation ,  told Nick all  about  the situation and the  class secret .  At first  Nick got  angry  but then he  forgave  him because they were  friends  and each of  them   could  trust  (on*/in)  the other. Nick told the situation to the class and  offered  his house  for  the party, because  it  was very big, with large gardens and a big  swimming pool . The day of the party  everyone  had fun ,  especially Pat  who   to start with  was sad.
To: Manager of the Theatre
 A few  weeks ago,  my family and I  had a  holiday  in London . The   holiday  wasn't too good , because ...
During the week we  decided  where we  wanted  to go . We  all  agreed  to listen to music so  then  we  decided  to  go  to your musical show and listen to "Over the Rainbow".
That evening we  didn't  want to have our supper before the show .  Anyway I  thought  it  would  be too early to eat and also  because the  timetable  or  candidates  you give me have say : "visit our theatre restaurant after the show".  So  we did, but  unfortunately  it was  closed  and I was so  disappointed  about it,  not  only  because  we  had  expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove to  be the actor of starring . Also I don't really mind that the show  started  late but the   rute  of that evening was  rucented  . And there were no discounts when you  said  there  would be ! Why is it  everything  that  on the  canidates    was  wrong and different  from  what we  experienced . We don't expect  much bad  to  happen   (in*/on)  our  holiday , but this was   a   perfect  show as well , it was the  worst  show and theatre I have  ever  been  to  in my life.
P.S.  Please  would you     explain  why  this happened ? We would like our money back ,  please ,  because  everything   went  wrong . The  atmosphere totally  chanced !
 sincerely     Ki
Modern technology  has changed  our daily life
 To help us  to live happily ,      scientists  can easily  predict   the changes on earth , so  that  we can have time to  prepare  or  defend   ourselves  from     natural   disasters .
 Weapons   are  designed to kill and   defend   in a  fight  . In   the Second World War  so many  Germans  were killed . Also  many people  died   (from*/in)  other  regions  ,  e.g.  the   English .
 Poisonous  chemical compounds ,  e.g. gases  and  liquids, are created too . They   have been   used  to kill people . Most  of them  produce   radiation  ,  which can disable  a  person, mostly  harming  their brain and their  bodies  ,  and it  can  also cause  death .
 Communication  technology  ,  e.g. internet (networks)  and   mobile  phones . In    wars  soilors     communicate with  mobile  phones  though places to place  to get or give information about  themselves  and the  enemy .
By using  the   Internet  we  can  make new pen friends  overseas ,  and   create   clubs   and   societies . Now  a   message  can travel quicker and it is also   worldwide  .  sending  letters takes about  a week   from Hong Kong to   the  U.K., but   network   ,   e.g.  E-mail ,  is much faster.  The time required  is  only a  few minutes. Now we  can  even create a club  (in*/on)  Yahoo, which is free. Modern technology  saves  us  a lot  of  time  and  brings  us many  benefits  when we use it in  the   right   way , but  some bad way to e.g. send  virus  to break down network .
Dear manager,
I am writing to complain about the musical show which was held last week. I feel disappointed because it was different to  what was promised in  the advertisement.
First of all, the performers should  have been  Danny Brook and Tina Truelove. However, there were two unknown actors in the show. I feel most disappointed about this. The show  started  at 20.15 but actually it should  have  started at 19.30. Moreover, I bought a £20 ticket without any discount  and  the advertisement mentioned  that a  discount  was  available. And after the show, we went to visit the theatre restaurant. Unfortunately, it was closed because    that day was their day-off. But I am wondering why it said we could visit the restaurant if you  knew  it would be closed.
I am afraid it was not  the  best musical show because  all the things above was not an accurate as what we had been told .
On the whole, I feel disappointed about the event and I would  like   to have  my money back. I look forward to hearing your reply. Thank you.
 Yours  faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. I say this because of the experience I've had  (from*/with)  her.
Actually, we were quite good friends before  this  event happened. Pat has been studying in the same class with me    this year. She  sat  next to me . We  started to chat more and more . Then  we became good friends. One day, we were sitting in the dinning-hall  as   usual . Suddenly my heart was  thumping  so quickly because I saw him   -  a  boy who  was  a new student. I know this is  one right love  .  I'm absolutely  besotted   (of*/with)  him. Then I told this to Pat and told her to keep it secret: I didn't want people  gossiping   (behind*/about)  me  then  everyone would know I  fancied  him. But the thing which  I'd  never expected  happened, which is that  Pat betrayed me. She told everyone that I fancy him and everybody always  makes   a  joke  (on*/of)  it . That  makes me feel so  embarrassed : I was very angry at that time!
Now, I don't talk to her anymore because I can't stand a person who I trusted  betraying  me. I hope she  knows  that  it  was her  fault  and  won't  do it  again .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show "Over the Rainbow",  of   which  you are the manager. I would like to say that there were many problems with the    show.
The first problem concerned the main actor  (of*/in)  the show. Although it was written in the show's  advertisement  that the main actor was Danny Brook, it, unfortunately, was not him.
The show was supposed to have started at 19:30, but it only started at 20:15, so the  audience , including me, was forced to wait for  forty-five  minutes.
It was also written in the show's  advertisement  that there would be discounts available  (for*/on)  the tickets. However, there  were  not any.
The fourth problem concerned the Theatre Restaurant. Even though the  advertisement  said we should visit it after the show, it was closed and no explanations were given.
In conclusion, the  advertisement  promised this would be a perfect evening out, but it was not, so I would like to ask for my money back.
I would like to hear from you in the near future.
Yours faithfully,
Pat wasn't good at keeping secrets
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.  It  all happened a year ago, when Pat and I were still best friends and used to tell each other everything.
One day, I  innocently  told Pat that I was dating Philip Smythe, the school's hunk and most popular boy. I asked Pat not to tell anyone, and she promised me she wouldn't. I believed in her and trusted her blindly.
I went home that day after having told Pat my deepest secret with a weird feeling in my heart. Something was telling me that I was going to lose a friend and a  lover .
The next day, I went to school and found out that Pat had told everybody that I was dating Philip. Suddenly, an  enormous   sadness  caught me, because Philip had begged me not to tell anyone, so he would  definitely   break  up with me, and I knew I was going to stop talking to Pat, because she had just ruined my happiness and I couldn't trust her anymore.
Now, unfortunately, I don't have a boyfriend or a best friend, all because Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Dear Sir or madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show called "Over the Rainbow" that was advertised in this week's newspaper.
According to the advertisement, Danny Brook would be starring  in the show  but it was a different actor. It was really disappointing! Furthermore, the show started at the wrong time. It was said that it would start at 19.30 but it  did  not. It started  forty-five  minutes later.
And if this were not enough, I  got  no discount  (in*/on)  the ticket  such  as was  advertised .  Besides  this, we  were  invited to visit the theatre restaurant after the show, but it was closed because it was being redecorated. So why  did  you make this invitation?
On top of everything, I am on  holiday  and you can imagine how disappointed I am. It was not a perfect evening out. I suppose that you  understand  my situation, because you did not  tell  the truth. I believe that you  are   directly  to blame  so  give me my money back.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
Caesara Rodrigos Los Arnos
Nowadays    modern technology is  advancing  and it  is  really affecting our daily life. Sometimes there  are  advantages but there  are  some disadvantages too.
Firstly, one advantage of it is that you can do things faster. Beside this you can talk with a person  (in*/on)  the other side of the world  via  a computer. It is interesting! Furthermore it helps  (in*/with)   housework , at school and you can travel to places very quickly. So the main advantage of    modern technology is that things are becoming easier and easier.
On the other hand, there are certain drawbacks. First and foremost is the pollution and big cities are suffering with it. It can cause lots of problems  (to*/for)  our health. A further disadvantage is that children are growing up very lazy. They  get  everything they want very easily and it is not good for their future.
To sum up, there are both  positive  and  negative  aspects  (of*/to)     modern technology, because it can  make  our lives easy but at the same time it is causing lots of problems for us.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about the musical show "Over the rainbow" performed at "The Circle Theatre" on the 20th of May.
To begin with, the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but, due to a "technical problem", as they said, it started at 20:15. However, it would not have been such a great problem if the show        had proved  to be as good as they promised but it really was not worth seeing, especially because the  main  actor was not Danny Brook ,   whom  we expected ,  but an unknown, clearly an inexperienced young actor, named Tom Douglas.
What is more, there were no discounts available  (for*/on)  the ticket  prices  nor  had we  the opportunity to visit the theatre restaurant, as it was closed for mourning reasons.
I am not satisfied with the service we received, I am therefore writing  to request  a full refund and I expect to receive  a cheque by post  for £20.
Yours faithfully,
LIKE BLIND SHEEP
In the 21st century, people will all the wearing the same clothes, the same shoes, they will be buying the same accessories. We'll get  up  in the morning and find    that our neighbour wears  the  same jacket and he's boasting about a pair of shoes which are too similar to ours.
The thing is we are too fashion conscious, too fussy about our appearance and we'll end up  buying  smart clothes only because the people next door are doing so!!
The reason why we'll do this is that we need to be accepted by the elite group that decide who you must be and how you must behave. They make you think there's noting left to do but to surrender and do what you've been told to, like blind sheep.
Anyway, I don't really mind what people will be wearing in 100 years' time. As for me the only thing I care  (for*/about)  in the morning is that I don't have     mismatched socks !
Dear Sirs,
I am writing to complain about your musical show ,  which I saw last Saturday.
According to your advertisement, one of the stars was supposed to be Danny Brook. However, a different actor  played  the role instead of him. You can imagine how upset I felt, as I really wanted to see his performance.
To make matters worse, despite the fact that the second show of the day was scheduled to start  (from*/at)  7:30 p.m . , it started  (from*/at)  8:15 p.m. What's more, the theatre restaurant was closed, because the chef suddenly took a day off. On top of everything, although your advertisement told me that I would receive some discounts, there were no discounts available.
I was really disappointed  (at*/with)  your show. I expect a full refund plus compensation for my dissatisfaction and  the  discomfort which I suffered. I look forward to receiving your response within the next seven days.
Yours faithfully,
 These  days, young people prefer wearing shabby and scruffy clothes to wearing neat and tidy clothes.
In other words, their fashion has become more casual. I think this  tendency  will become more common in the future.
In general, their parents don't like their fashion. They want their children to wear  smart clothes . When they were young, they judged  another  person by his appearance. They  were also  asked to wear clothes which  were  in accordance with the occasion.
In my opinion, this is still correct. However, people  have noticed  that what is important is not their clothes but their mind.
If someone doesn't  know much  about the event which he  is attending , even if he wears  smart clothes , he doesn't look like a gentleman.
What I want to say is that people don't mind  his  clothes if he  has enough knowledge about what he needs .
To sum up, people  will  wear clothes more  freely , in the future. What is important is not their fashion but  their knowledge, attitude to  everything  including fashion .
Dear Manager,
I am writing this letter to remind you  of  some faults of your theatre. I think this will help your organization to improve itself.
From my point of view, your organisation has to be careful  to  organise  an activity . Last week I was in London. I attended    your  activity . I'm sorry but I didn't have a good  remark  of your  activity  when I left. I know the quality of your organization. That's why I wanted to write  to  you.
 The first  time, when I saw the advertisement  (on*/in)  the newspaper, I really  appreciated . I wanted to see the play as quickly as possible.  Coming an hour earlier is the proof of my feeling .
Finally, time passed and it was supposed to begin. But it didn't. I waited 45 minutes more to see the play. Anyway, it wasn't important for me  because    I believe that if you want to get    satisfaction you have to sacrifice a little bit. But  that  wasn't all.  On the other hand , I couldn't see the same actors whose  names  were written on the advertisement. I was really shocked  because  from my point of view the  buildings  of a play are the actors. It was   unpleasant   for me to see different actors on the stage. In addition, you didn't keep your promise which <NS type="M"></NS>
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. But Beatrice didn't think so. That's why she  came across with  so many problems. They were best friends. Beatrice  thought  so. When she came to school,  at first , we wanted to warn her. On the other hand Beatrice and her family were our  next-door  neighbours. I knew her family better than everyone else. Her father never let her  have  a boyfriend. Yes, it was    strange behaviour. Beatrice was 18 and she could manage. But her father didn't have the same opinion. That's all I knew about her.
Days passed. Beatrice and Pat were going everywhere together. Pat had a boyfriend. That's why Beatrice's father never liked Pat. One day Beatrice came  to  me with some tears on her face. She was crying. I couldn't believe  it   because  I  had got  used to seeing her  always  cheerful and laughing. But this time the situation was  inversed . When she came, I was studying for my final exam. She asked if we  could   speak  a little bit. We went out and she told me all her story. I was shocked. She had told Pat that her father  wouldn't  let them  be  friends anymore. After that, Pat had told everyone that Beatrice's father <NS type="M"></NS>
17th June 2000
The  Manager  of the Circle  Theatre .
Dear  Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you  concerning  your advertisement  (about*/for)  the show  (of*/at)  the Circle Theatre. I have to say that I am  really  disappointed  ( about */with)  your advertisement because you  mentioned  some points that are not true.
Firstly I'd like to complain about the  actors   (of*/in)  the show.  (On*/In)  your advertisement you say that Danny Brook and Tina Truelove are starring in the play but I am sure that they never  appeared  on the stage that night. Secondly ,  another  problem  was    the starting time . According  to your advertisement ,  the play starts at 19.30  but  instead it started  (on*/at)  20:15, this is    almost an  hour's  delay. Moreover,  there were several prices about the tickets and an available discount ,  something  that wasn't true. We didn't get any discount. Furthermore  ( on */in)  your advertisement you say that visitors can visit the theatre restaurant after the play, but the restaurant was closed and I'd like to know why. I am very disappointed  (about*/with)  the whole situation and I am not happy <NS type="M"></NS> to ask for a money refund.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
The 21st  century  is also known as the  golden  century of high technology and science. And I must admit that this is true. Many  things  have changed within the last 100 years.
Technology - along with science - has made huge steps and has turned into  an ever-growing monster . Every single day we hear about new products, new methods, new technological miracles which have turned  our daily lives upside down .
The  simplest  example of modern high  technology  is the introduction of the computer -    better known as the  PC    .  Research   has  shown that almost every single  household  owns a  PC . Some people use them for their job because they    need it, but others, like children, use it just for fun. Other examples that may not look like huge technological miracles are the  TV , the microwave, the video ,  the  satellite   dish , the  CD  player and hundreds of others. All  these  play  an important  role in our daily life  without   us  ever understanding  them .  We have all  turned into pathetic, technological   robots. Those things can and do make our  lives  easier and more comfortable, but  they   take  us away from our friends, our families and  moreover  they lead us to madness and cut  off  any  relationship  with everything that  surrounds  us and  keeps  us     alive .
June 17, 2000
Dear Manager,
 Regarding     "Over The Rainbow" ,  presented  (by*/at)  your theatre last night, I would like to inform you of the following problems.
Firstly, the starring actor was different from the one who had been mentioned  (on*/in)  the advertisement for this musical show as "Danny Brook". As I was so looking  forward  to seeing Danny's  performance , I was very disappointed. I think you should have informed us of  the   change   of   star  before starting    the show. In addition, I'd like to know the reason why the actor was  replaced .
Secondly, the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30  as  mentioned  (on*/in)  the advertisement.
 The  third point  is  our tickets were not  reduced  at all! The  Ad  says that  TICKETS: Discounts Available .
Lastly, your theatre restaurant  was   already closed  when the show  finished , because the     start  of the show was late.
As  described above , it  could not  be a "perfect evening". There are lots of reasons why I was so disappointed, and could not enjoy the show, you see!! Therefore,  I  would be grateful if you could give me back some money.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. She  told Sally about our plan, indeed our "secret plan" ! How foolish!
But, Mark, Pat and I were planning a  birthday party  for Sally on June 2 at her own home. It should have been "surprising". Sally's husband is now in Singapore on business, so she had to spend her birthday without him. Considering her loneliness, we made every effort to please her and to encourage her; because she was loved by everybody for her gentle, kind and lovely character. She was not so lucky in her life. Her parents  had already died  when she was in     high school . She has no brothers and sisters. After marriage, Sally and her husband Nigel realized that they would not be able to have    children. In spite of such difficulties, she always  has  a pretty ,  charming smile  (to*/for)  us.
On June 2, because of Pat's  mistake , Sally already knew our plan. We were enjoying  ourselves  at  her  home celebrating her birthday.
Suddenly, the door was opened.
"Good Evening!"
"Oh! You came back for me! Nigel , " Sally cried with pleasure.
Nigel himself was a big " surprise " present for Sally. I  will never forget  her happy face .....
We  had  a brilliant night.
Dear Sir,
I'm writing to you inform you about the  disappointing  evening I had when I went to your  theatre  to see the play called "OVER THE RAINBOW". According to the advertisement you  published , there  should  have been some important  differences   to the production I saw .
Firstly, the play started almost an hour late, and I went there to see Danny Brook, but there was a different actor on stage.
Secondly, in the advertisement  it said that  discounts  were  available but  there was no discount on the tickets I bought . Furthermore, I had planned to have a great dinner with my family in your restaurant and it was closed because the people who work  there  were on  holiday . In addition to this, I have to tell you that it was the most horrible evening I  have had     and because of this I want to ask you if you could send me a  refund   (of*/for)     part of the money I wasted there. I would be grateful if you  could  do  that .
Finally, I want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your  theatre  to cheat    your customers. If you do  that , there will be no  business  for you and no satisfaction for them.
I look  forward  to hearing from you
 Yours  sincerely,
How has modern technology  changed  my daily life?
Nowadays, technology is the most useful tool that human beings have. It affects everyone who  lives   (in*/on)  this planet and every activity  done   (in*/on)  it.
In this  instance  we are going to focus on me :  Emilio Almodar, 18 years old, University Student, and the career I have  chosen  is  in   International  Commerce or  Market . I use technology every  minute  but I did not realise. For example, when I come back home from university and I call my friends, I am using it because at home we have very modern phones and  a  fax  machine  and almost everybody in my family has a cellular phone and  things  like that.
We also have five  computers , the latest  models , because they are useful for my father to work  on  and for me to do some special  projects  for University.  These  machines are connected to  the  Internet, and  that  gives    my family too much  access      to   all   the  information we want, from how to prepare  a  drink to what was the result of    Sunday's football match. In addition to this we use the net to  communicate  with some friends we have in  the  U.S.A. It's really amazing.
Apart from this, I don't spent my free time  using  technology. I prefer playing rugby and going out with friends, because technology is not all  of  life, but it is only a little part of it.
Mr./Mrs Manager,
I am writing to complain about a musical    I went  to  one week ago.
Firstly, I was really disappointed when I realised that the actor Danny Brook was not performing  for  personal reasons .  I like this actor very much and it was not the same without him. Moreover, the musical    was supposed to start at 19.30 but it started at 20:15 ,  making all the  audience  wait for nearly an hour.
To make matters worse, there were  no   discounts on tickets   such  as you advertised. Because of this I had to buy  a ticket for  the cheapest and worst seat available. As if this were not enough ,  once the show ended I had to walk twenty blocks to find a Restaurant since the theatre Restaurant was closed for  maintenance .
I, therefore, request an immediate refund of the £10 I spent on your musical    as I believe your theatre is directly to blame.
Looking forward to receiving your prompt reply.
Sincerely,
How has modern technology changed my daily life?
Well, it's pretty simple to answer this.
Everything started when I was eight years old and my family bought a Personal Computer .  I didn't  pay  attention to it  then  but as    as I grew older I started to like and play Computer games.
The years went by and after buying a newer, faster and better PC I found myself writing letters, doing    homework and  in the  evening learning with my Computer. In spite of my family telling me to turn the PC off and talk  (with*/to)  them, I kept on ,   stuck  in front of the screen.
Nowadays it is a fact that my life wouldn't be the same without my PC. After I got connected to the Internet my life    completely changed. I spend my free time building my Personal Web Page with which I intend to earn money in the future; and I also check the weather forecast, buy food and pay bills through the web. My daily life would be harder without modern technology.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I'm writing  to  you  following  our  visit   to  your theatre last night.  Your advertisement in the newspaper said  'Starring: Danny Brook and Tina Truelove'. I was disappointed when I found the actor wasn't Danny Brook!
And  according to  your advertisement, the show should  have started  at 19.30 but it didn't. It was 45 minutes late! And also I couldn't buy tickets with my credit card but on the advertisement   it said 'discounts available' .  I was really annoyed by that!
After the show, we  had planned  to eat something in your restaurant, but it  was  closed! I have no idea why!
We had a really unenjoyable time at your theatre. And I would like to know if it  is   possible  to have  our  money back.
Thank you very much and I look forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
Porawek Phowrung.
Unfortunately Pat wasn't good at keeping secrets. So one week later all  the   students  in my class knew that I was an  angel .  Really ! Nobody believed her...  nor  me.
But it's true... I'm an  angel  and I wanted to visit the earth. It's easy to do but the only    rule was I  could  tell my secret to only one person. And if someone  else   knew , I  wouldn't  be able to go back to    heaven unless I  killed  the person who told my secret.
Pat was the only person who I told my secret  to  but now it has become a joke! I promised to myself... I would have to kill her!
I  began to follow  my plan. I went to Pat's house but her brother told me that she wasn't there. I offered to wait... Her brother and I began to talk... He's such a nice boy. I liked him very much and I guessed he liked me too...
We started to go out  (in*/at)  the same time as I started to change my mind. I don't want to go back to    heaven anymore as long as I am with him.
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing to complain about the musical show "Over the rainbow" ,  which was performed in your theatre two weeks ago.
I went to see it on 5th June 2000. First of all ,   Danny Brook was not there that evening  but an unknown and not very good actor. Secondly the show started 45 minutes late. Then at the  ticket office  I was  told  that no discounts were available so I had to pay the full  price  despite  the fact that  I am a student.
Finally I would have had dinner at the theatre restaurant if it had not  already been  closed because the show finished, obviously, late.
I am really not satisfied with the  organisation of the show  particularly because in the advertisement you wrote something  false . For this reason I expect to receive my money back.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't good at keeping  secrets .
Last week we had another  demonstration  of this.
On Monday we decided to organize a  surprise party  for Ted's birthday on Tuesday evening.
Each of us had a different task. Anna  made  the cake, Peter organized the music, Heather and I went to buy the present; Pat said: "OK ,  I'll phone    some of Ted's friends to invite them". Obviously Ted should  not  have known  anything  about it and we  reminded Pat of that  twice: " The  party is a secret!!" and she said: "Yes, it must be a surprise!"
On Tuesday afternoon we met to  arrange  the last details; Pat said: "I've just phoned    Tommy, Billy and Alison and I met Ted yesterday evening: they all have said  OK  for the party.."
 (In*/At)  that moment she understood that something was wrong!
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm writing in order to complain about your current musical show ,  which I saw last week. It didn't go    as I had expected and I was really  disappointed  when it finished.
Firstly, it was  meant  to start at 19:30  and  I bought my ticket for the evening  performance . However, it began at 20:15. I would have understood a little bit of waiting time, but everybody agreed that this was too long.
Second, instead of  starring     Danny Brook, the musical was  starring     another actor, who I found really disappointing. Although he sung quite well he danced terribly and that spoiled part of the show.
I asked  (for*/about)  the discounts available as we were a group of 15 people, but the answer I was given was that nobody had ever heard of them.
In addition, we had planned to have dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed as it closes every Thursday. I think that there's no point in having a restaurant which closes the day     the  audience  is largest .
Finally, I just want to say that the perfect evening that the advertisement  promised  and that we all  wanted  turned out to be     regrettable   because of  the wasted money. That's why I'd like to ask if you could give me some money back. I'm  enclosing  my ticket and this list of complaints  as the reason for returning  some money.
I'm looking forward to receiving your decision.
Yours Faithfully,
My daily life has changed quite a lot with modern technology. I live more comfortably and  I am  even more carefree than  a few  years ago. I've been able to improve some things that  would  have annoyed me  a little   while  ago, and although they're mainly little changes they make me notice that my life is easier.
At home, for example, my  alarm  is no  longer  a  deafening  sound that breaks the silence and peace of my dreams, it is now the good-morning of my favourite radio  programme , set to start at seven o'clock. Then, when I was younger I would have to put the milk on the  hob  and wait until it was warm enough to drink. Nowadays, almost everybody  has  a  microwave  oven, where you put your milk  for  less than two  minutes  and it is ready to delight your mouth. Another thing  is  the fifty-two steps which take me to the street. They have become as easy as calling  a  lift, without  making me   feel  tired or    breathless   when I  am  in a hurry.
Thanks to my mobile phone I can go out    later at night, as my parents can know where I am whenever they want. Also, with the development of  the  Internet and its  arrival   (to*/at)  a great number of homes, I can have any information I need at any time I want.
In brief,  I am   making the most of  the discoveries  (in*/of)  science and technology and  I can't conceal  that I'm really glad of that.
17th - June - 2000
Auda. Lolas 44
MADRID 23456
SPAIN
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about the show "Over the rainbow" ,   taking place   on  the 15th of June
 Last  week I  went  to London for a holiday. There  I  saw the advertisement for this show and I decided to go   .
I went to buy the tickets but when I paid there was not any discount  available . In the advertisement you told me I would  get   a   discount .
This was not the worst thing because when I arrived at the theatre I  waited   forty-five  minutes because the show should start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15. When it started the main actor Danny Brook was not in  it , another ,  worse actor  had  taken his part. In my opinion when the main actor  cannot  do the show it is better not  to do  the show than  to do  it with a horrible actor.
When it finished ,  I  went to  the theatre restaurant but it was closed because they are going to  open  a new ,  better restaurant.
In my opinion you should  refund  my money because the evening and the show were so terrible.
 Yours  faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
But I did not know it, and I told her my secret: I  had   fallen  in love with Paul ,  a friend of  ours . No one  knew  it  but  her.
 That   Wednesday  Pat phoned me and told me that Sally also  loved  Paul. I had also told Sally my secret.  On the   Thursday  Sally phoned me, because we are also friends, but she did not tell me anything about Paul.
The weekend  came  and  that  Friday we went to the  discotheque . I  had   a good time there  but ,  at the end  of the night , when we were going to  go  back home, I saw Sally kissing Paul!! It was terrible!!
When Sally came out  of  the  discotheque  I was very  angry  and I started to shout  at  her. She hit me and I decided  then  that I  should never  speak  (with*/to)  her  again .
Paul  asked  Pat what had happened and she told him my secret. One friend of mine told me that Pat had told Paul my secret and I went to speak with her. Now we are friends but I know that I  cannot  tell her any  secrets .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to you to tell  you  that I saw your musical show  " Over the  Rainbow " and there were too many disappointing divergences between the advertisement for the show and the show itself.
The main problem was that Danny Brook did not take part in the show. However, I bought a £20 ticket mostly because I saw his name in the advertisement. Furthermore, the show started only at 20:15, although   it  was supposed  to start at 19:30. Moreover your theatre restaurant was closed all evening,  and  I think you should know that  tickets  were sold without any discounts.
It seems to me that all these failures were your  fault , because you were responsible for the  organisation  of the show. I think you ought to have postponed the show and    reimbursed me  for   the  ticket price. However,  considering  that I saw the show, I would like to get a  50%  refund.
Please reply at your earliest  convenience .
I look forward to receiving your reply.
Yours faithfully,
Modern technology  has changed  my daily life completely. When I  say  modern technology ,  I mean  the  Internet.
For example, I live in Kursk, and I can get a letter from my friend  some hours after     he has written it. My friend lives in Kresnodar. My grandmother lives in Orel, which is much closer to Kursk than Kresnodar. And it takes 3 days  (to*/for)  her letter to get to Kursk. That is because my friend uses e-mail, but my grandmother uses  the   postal  service. So with  the  Internet I can make friends all over the world and it does not take lots of time.
Another change in my life is that I use  the  Internet as a library when I write my course papers  so  that I can get books which  it  is impossible to get in  the  libraries of my town.
That is why I think that modern  technology  helps me in my daily life.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical 'OVER THE RAINBOW'. There were some unfortunate incidents.
To begin with, according to your advertisement, discount tickets  are   available . However, I could not get them. So I could  not  get a good seat.
In addition to this, the show was supposed to start at 19.30, but it started at 20.15. As a result, I could not visit the restaurant since it had already closed when the show finished.
To make matters worse,  although Danny Brook should have starred there was a different actor . I was really looking forward to seeing his  performance , but  on starting the show , I found it  disappointing . Can you imagine how upset I was?
Finally, I would like to ask you to  give me some money back .
I look forward to receiving  a  satisfactory reply by return of post.
Yours faithfully,
In my opinion, modern technology has changed my daily life  significantly .
To begin with, I think the mobile phone is very useful because I can make a phone call wherever I am, without looking for a telephone box. When I meet my friends somewhere but cannot arrive there on time, I can tell them about it  using  the phone. On the other hand, when I do not want anybody to disturb  me , the phone annoys me.
Secondly, as far as I am concerned, the computer is a great invention. With  the   Internet  and E-mail, I can get lots of information from everywhere, and I can get in touch with my friends who live    abroad. Since I bought a computer, I have been checking  for  E-mails from my friend almost every day.  Finding them , I feel happy even if there is only one.
On balance then, I think that modern technology really affects my life even though I feel that it  advances  too rapidly  for me  to catch up.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I  went  to  the  Circle Theatre to watch  the  'Over the rainbow' musical show, recently. I was  truly   disappointed  by it. My expectations were high after  I'd  read your leaflet in which it was advertised as 'London's newest and best musical show'. Now, I can assure you it wasn't. Firstly, it was Danny Brook who was supposed to star. The substitute was far worse. Secondly, I had to wait  forty-five  minutes before the show finally began. Another unkept promise  was  the discounts. There weren't any! Lastly, when I got hungry after the delay it appeared that the theatre restaurant  was  closed. You can believe me it wasn't 'my perfect evening out' and I have no other choice than  to ask   you  to give  me  my money back. I paid for something I didn't get so it is obvious that I want my money back. I got the £15 ticket. I'd like you to send the money to this  address  :  ul Taklowa 10
Skoclow 43-430
POLAND
Yours  faithfully ,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. After two days ,  the whole school knew. When Paul entered the school gate, other children began to tease him and laugh. Paul couldn't stand it. He ran out quickly, leaving everyone behind. He felt very ashamed and didn't know what to do. Normally, he would go and talk to Pat but Pat betrayed him. They were no longer friends. 'How could he,' Paul thought 'Now the whole school knows Jean attracts me'. As he was sitting there, he heard someone walking towards him. He turned around and saw... Jean. 'What are you  doing  here ? Why  aren't you at school?' she asked. Paul was    paralyzed. He couldn't reply. 'I  heard  what you've said about me', she said, I think it's sweet'. Paul couldn't believe his ears. While he was thinking how to reply, Jean took his hand and led him to the school. When they entered everyone became silent. All the children were staring at them and Paul thought that Pat  wasn't  that bad at all.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing this letter to  complain  about the musical show that  the  Circle Theatre company  put on   a  few days ago.  Nothing  the advertisement said was  done properly .
The first thing that annoyed me were the forty-five minutes we were waiting for the  show to begin . It is a great  failing  of  responsibility  for a theatre like yours to have a delay like this one.
Secondly,  another   thing  that disappointed me was the actor that played the main role. He was not Danny Brook, and the main reason that I  went  to see this show was the  opportunity  to see him acting. I am a fan of  his .
When I went to get the ticket, and the  woman   told  me that the discounts were not available I knew that it wouldn't be a good night.
Finally, the  restaurant   where  I would  have liked  to have dinner with friends after the show was closed ,   contrary to  what was announced in the advertisement. Nobody told us    the  reason   (of*/for)   these  problems.
These are the reasons why I am complaining, and I would like to know if there will be  any   refunds .
I will be waiting  for  news from you.
Yours faithfully
Perhaps, modern technology has changed my  lifestyle  but I don't think so because I was born in the period of modern developments.
Since I was born I have lived  with  technological instruments like personal computers, mobile phones, television, etc. And the development of them doesn't  worry  me,  as it does  people  who are  against technology.
The only thing I can say about technology is that  it  has driven my life. Modern technology  captures my imagination , and this is the reason why I have chosen  a career in electronics . I  don't think technology   changes      lifestyle .  It is  the  lifestyle  or  needs   (from*/of)  people  that  make technology develop. All  kinds  of industrial machines are created to solve problems, improve other machines or to  save     time. But these  machines  bring new problems that must be solved by others.
 (To*/For)  the attention of the Circle Theatre Manager:
Dear Sir,
I am writing to complain about your show "Over the rainbow" and the conditions in which it is  performed .
I was having a week's holiday in London when I decided to go to the theatre and see a musical   . I had read your advertisement in a    newspaper and the show seemed very attractive to me. Moreover an English friend of mine had told me that it would  really  be a good show as Danny Brook was a very good actor.
So on Saturday, June 7, I was there for the 7:30 pm show and here are my reasons for complaining. Firstly, there were no discounts available  such  as  those  stated in your advertisement, not even for students, and I had to pay for a full-price ticket. Secondly, we had to wait until 8:00 pm before being able to  take  a seat and the show finally  began  at 8:15!
No need to say how much I was disappointed to see that another actor was performing instead of Danny Brook and the actor didn't seem to have rehearsed the role very much. At the end of the show, I decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant and I went there ... only  to find    that it was closed because it was being  repainted .
To sum up, it was not the "perfect evening out!" you advertised. So I am asking you to pay me back at least half of the ticket price for the inconvenience that was caused    me. I hope that you will understand my request and reply to me in a positive way by sending me a cheque to my address in France (see the letterhead).
Looking forward to receiving your reply very soon.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. That's what I learned from my own experience.
We were both in the same class in high school and used to spend a lot of time together; we were actually very good friends and had no secrets  (for*/from)  each other.
At that time, I used to buy a  lottery  ticket once a week and I sometimes won small amounts. One day, while I was checking my weekly ticket, I found out that I had five numbers out of six so that I would surely get a  substantial  amount of money.
I had to wait ten days before the  lottery  head office would give me the cheque and one week before I could learn how much I had won. But I was too excited to keep it secret so I told Pat that I had won a prize for five correct numbers and had her swear not to tell anyone.
But soon everyone in the class was looking at me  smilingly  and I  found  out that I had many unsuspected friends...  Not   long  after, they were asking me to  buy  a coffee or lunch for them; some proposed  going  shopping, others  going  to the cinema and  a  restaurant. Well, they all seemed to be so different and behaved in such an unusual way each time they saw me that I began to think that they knew something about me.
 Finally   the end of the week came  and I went to the  lottery  office to  find out  the amount I had won. I was very disappointed to learn that I'd only won three hundred francs  because   a lot of  people had  had  five numbers like me. SO I told my friend Pat how much I had won and the following day at school   everybody  was  just the same as they ever were with me...
59 Gorham Drive
St Albans
AL1 2HW
17th June 2000
Dear Sir/Madam
I am writing to complain about the musical show    "OVER THE RAINBOW" which I saw on 15th of June in your theatre.
Firstly, I wanted to see DANN BLOCK  performing  as your advertisement already said, but there was a different actor instead of him  (at*/on)  that evening. In addition to this, the show did not start on time, 19:30, so I had to wait for 45 minutes. Another disappointing thing was that you did not explain the reason why it was delayed  (by*/until)  20:15.
As for the ticket price, you promised to provide discount tickets, but they were not available. Furthermore, when I went to the restaurant after the show, I found it was closed  because  its opening time was from 10:00 to 17:00.
I do not need to tell  you , either, that I had  an  awful evening and you are responsible for that. So I am asking  you  to refund all the money.
Thanking  you  for your prompt attention.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours Faithfully
Tyung Kwa (Miss)
THE REVOLUTION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
I  check  my e-mail  every day  using the Internet, I  talk  to my friends who  are  far away  by  connecting to network systems, and I  carry  my mobile phone.
 (For*/In)  recent years, as Information Technology has been improved  greatly , communication methods have been changed to a different way, which is not  the  same as before.
A few years ago, I did not know what  the  Internet was, how to use it and so on. But, while  it   has   spread  all over the world, I and all the other people who I have known  started  to use them.
I can find out some information at home, although I do not go to  the  library. I am able to meet my friends quickly  (in*/on)   the  Internet  by  just clicking the mouse. In addition to these  things , I can contact    anyone who I want to talk  to  at any convenient time in case I need him or her, or I am needed.
It is causing some changes  (to*/in)  me. So, now I would rather send  an  e-mail than  a  letter, and I prefer to surf the Internet when I need to find something. As it has given me different kinds of communication systems, my daily life is more comfortable, relaxed and faster.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing with reference to a musical show I saw recently in your theatre.
The advertisement promised there would be my  favourite  star ,  Danny Brook, but there was  another  actor who could not play his part as well as Danny Brook .  In addition, the performance started 45 minutes  late , so we couldn't visit your theatre restaurant after the show because it  was  closed already.  Moreover , when I was buying our tickets, there weren't any discounts in spite of the fact that my wife and  I  are both on  a  pension. As a result ,  our evening was completely spoiled. So I am sure you will understand why I  am  so annoyed and frustrated with the whole  incident .
I look forward to hearing from you in the very near future to offer me a  partial  refund.
Yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. Two days  before  ,  her best friend Maria told her that her parents were going to  divorce  .  Maria was so upset that she couldn't keep it  to  herself. Her father had met another woman who  was not  as pretty as Maria's mother but worked in a bank and had a good salary.
One day Maria and her mother returned home and found a letter. All  her   father's  things were missing. They could not  believe  their eyes. They read the letter and slowly went  (onto*/into)  the kitchen. Maria  had bought  his  favourite  food and she  threw  it    into the bin. How  could he  have done it to them? They had been so happy for 15 years. They had gone everywhere together and laughed a lot. Now everything was over. She went to  school , but she could not  follow the lessons  as  easily  as she used to. So she decided to tell Pat, her lovely Pat. She was so understanding.
Now everyone knows about her sad story  and  that makes her feel even  worse .
To  whom  it may concern,
I am writing to tell  you  that I had a very disappointing evening  at  a musical show at your theatre. There are some things that I was not completely satisfied with and I would like to point them out.
Firstly, the advertisement  said  that Danny Brook was going to  star  in  the  musical but it turned out  to be  a completely different person ,  which was very disappointing. It was very unprofessional of you to  have   printed   the  wrong  starring name   (on*/in)  the paper. Secondly, according to the  advertisement , the musical was  supposed  to start at 19.30 but it actually started at 20.15 ,  which caused me     problems . As for my ticket, I was expecting to get a discount as a student, as it said  I would  in the advertisement . However ,  none was   actually  available ,  which was very disappointing again. Then, I was hoping to have a meal at the theatre restaurant ,  which was recommended in the advertisement . However , it was not possible for me to do so as the restaurant was closed due to the  staff  vacation ,  which I thought was very unprofessional.
With all the  dissatisfaction  above, therefore, I would like to ask for some of my money back as my evening was not what it  should  have  been .
I hope that you will consider this letter  carefully  and try to improve your  service .
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. How did we know that she was that kind of person? Well, it all  began  when Pat's friend, Molly, went down to London...
Molly went down to London for  the  shopping and as she was walking  along  the street , she   saw   some   familiar  faces on the other side of the street. It was Vance and Sally ,  whom she had not seen for ages. Pat, too,  is   a  friend of  theirs  and has seen them  from  time to time.
Molly, Vance and Sally had a quick chat and said good-bye to each other as, to Molly, they seemed to be in a hurry and as Molly knew that they  had  been dating, she wanted them to enjoy their    time  together .
 When  Molly went back home  (in*/to)  Aberdeen, she told Pat that she had met Vance and Sally in London. Then ,  suddenly,  Pat's face turned  to look confused and  she  said in a small voice, ' Didn't they break  up  a  long time ago? Sally must have a new  boyfriend '. As Molly didn't know this, she was so surprised and tried to ask more about it. Then, Pat realized that it was supposed to be kept    a secret but it just came out of her mouth! She didn't mean to do  it , but this kind of thing happens a lot. Now Pat is feeling so guilty about what she has done because Molly isn't good at keeping secrets either! Everyone is going to know that Sally has been cheating both on Vance and her new boyfriend and     poor  Vance is always the last person to know   .
Dear Sir/Madam
I am  writing   to  you     to complain  about the last  Saturday  evening performance  (in*/at)  your theatre. I was very disappointed! First of all, the principal character was not Danny Brook, but a substitute, and the theatre had not notified the audience about this  change  before  the performance .
Secondly, the show started 45 minutes late. We  could  not  get   any  discounts on  the  price and  no  worker wanted to give us an explanation for that.
After the show, we decided to go to the restaurant  (to*/for)  dinner, but it was closed for  repairs . Everything was completely different from what you had announced  (on*/in)  the advertisement
I am sure you understand why I am so upset and you will do your best to give me satisfaction, I mean, refunding me exactly what I  paid  for this terrible evening.
I look forward to hearing from you very soon.
Yours faithfully
Modern technology has changed my daily life, making it easy, with less effort and time spent  on  <NS type="MN"></NS>. A simple example, we can ,  at the same time ,  wash our clothes  (with*/in)  a washing machine, record a  TV   programme  and talk to someone on the other side of the world. All this in one morning, and the day  has just begun , what  is   to do  next?
Technology allows  us  to have more time  (to*/for)   leisure  or  (to*/for)  other things we really like to  do . We can take care of  those  we love and give them more attention ;  time is not  really a  problem. We will see people differently,    more  calmly , because we  suffer  no stress and we are not in a hurry to do something else. We will be more  understanding  with others. It is the first step  (for*/towards)  a true fraternity.
Of course, everything  cannot  be completely perfect. All this modern technology  increases  the level of  waste  products that  cannot  be easily  destroyed . Living better, people live longer and it is necessary to  produce  more food, but more food means chemical agents on  the  earth, the circle never stops.
In conclusion, modern technology allows me to live better and to have more time to do what I really like, although ,  I know, all this has a price.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing in connection with the musical show your theatre company has  put on  recently, and, I want you to know, it has really disappointed me.
To begin with, the actor the advertisement showed did not  appear , which I found     very rude ,  and  disappointing. Moreover, the show started at a quarter past eight, forty-five minutes later than it  should  have   . I paid twenty pounds for my ticket because, as you may know, there were not  any  discounts available. It is for this reason   I think you should  give  me some money back.
To sum up, I would like to make my point about what happened in the restaurant after  the show .
It was closed because its owner had decided to go on holiday. However, nobody told me. I think you  have to do something about this  to avoid it  happening  again.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. If I had know it before, I would  never have  told her, because then    it  was really important for me, but, anyway,  now , it doesn't really matter  to  me.
 At the time , Pat and  I  had a close relationship. I  told  her everything  that  happened to me and vice versa. We had many  things  in common and we knew each other as if we were sisters.
However, one day our friendship was broken   . I told her I was falling in love with my best friend and she decided to  tell     everybody in our  group , despite knowing that  it  must  stay  a secret. When I met Caballos, my best friend, I felt  embarrassed  and disappointed and I couldn't say anything. I was at a loss. Now I wish all of this had never happened, while I try to forget it ,  laughing with Caballos and Pat.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing in connection with the musical show I saw in your theatre a week ago.
Although the show was supposed to be    London's newest and best musical show, I  was  rather disappointed with it. Firstly, I was really looking forward to seeing Danny Brook and Tina Truelove on the stage. However, you changed actors without informing  the   audience .
As if this were not enough, the show was  forty-five  minutes late. Your leaflet was rather misleading on this subject.
According to your leaflet, tickets were supposed to be a bit cheaper, but I was refused    a discount.
On top of everything, the theatre restaurant was closed.
You can imagine how disappointed I  was  to  have  such an imperfect evening. I demand a full refund or I will be forced to take this  matter  further.
I look forward to receiving your prompt reply.
Yours faithfully,
Recently, we  had  a very interesting discussion about how science and technology affects our lives. My life has also changed as a result of modern technology. Thanks to computers, phones, mobile phones,  and the   Internet  I can communicate with other people faster than I was able to    before. My father is a sailor and I  see  him only four times a year. But thanks to mobile  phones  I can contact him even if he is sailing in the Atlantic Ocean. I also enjoy shopping  (through*/on)   the   Internet . This way I don't have to    be queuing in shops and supermarkets and I can choose fashionable clothes. In the future I would love to be a doctor, especially a cardiologist. Nowadays, modern technology is used in medicine more often and it can minimise the risk of the death of the patients.
However, I can see some disadvantages of technological progress. First of all, I spend too much time indoors playing  on the  computer or watching TV. I know that if I want to keep fit and stay healthy, I must take up some sport. Moreover, modern technology has made our environment more polluted. That's why we should  ban  cars from city centres,  and   close  down factories which produce too much  waste . Although modern progress has made our life easier, it may  also be  harmful. We should all be aware of these consequences of modern technology and use it  wisely .
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about The Circle Theatre which is very different from  what it have shown . I will let you know about what I have in mind.
I went to your theatre last  Saturday ,  at  about 7. p.m. I asked for discounts. But a clerk said that  the  time for discounts had  ended . I did not care about  the  money and I rushed into  the theatre  and then took a seat with some food. I was waiting for the show that was supposed to start at 7.30 p.m. But it started at 8.15. I felt nervous. When I saw an actor, he was a different actor. I was very upset and disappointed.
After the show ended, I was on the way to the theatre restaurant.  What was more , it  was closed  because of  refurbishing .
If you were me, how would you feel? So, I could not help    writing to you and would like to  receive  money back.
I  enclose  the  theatre receipt .
Yours faithfully,
Bying Kak
- How has modern technology changed your daily life?
I was born in 1973. At this time, our nation was    a developing country. Almost all the people had a Television which provided events around our  country  very quickly. As I  grew  up, T.V was one of the  most mysterious  things like a telephone and a bus.
When it comes to modern technology, I grately appreciate it.
First thing is  the  computer. When I was a university student, I had to find out some  information   (about*/for)  my homework. I could not get  it . but a computer  allowed  me  to get   it  from  the   Internet .
Second thing is  the  airplane. I  imagined  where  other   countries  are like England. Now I am in England.  I know a ship but an airplane made an arrival to here be quick. 
Third thing is  the  telephone. It saves time. Whenever I do not know about something, I phone  someone  and ask  about  it.
All in all, I have been having many benefits from modern technology ,  which is very useful. But it might be a problem, making me lazy.
Now,  the world is one end  and I have to take advantage of modern technology for my future.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the terrible evening I spent in your theatre. Just to remind you of which show I am talking about, it is called "Over the Rainbow".
There were  a  couple of things I noted down during the show. One of the reasons that I chose to see this show was to see Danny Brook live. But there was a different actor instead of him. I am very disappointed. Another problem that bothered me about the show was its late start. Instead of starting at 19:30 pm, it started at 20:15 pm. I had a meeting straight after the show but I was late and made  a  fool of  myself  by arriving late and  had to suffer  all those people  staring  at me and whispering. Then I found out that the discounts  were  not available but on the notice board   it said that they  were  available. After the show, I noticed that the theatre restaurant was closed because it was closed that day.
The evening that I spent there was terrible so please may I have my money back.
Yours faithfully,
Raulet.
Well, for instance people in Roman times (Roman soldiers) didn't have any sort of transport to move them from one place to another. The only way they could move was  using  their feet. They could walk over 4 km per day without any breaks.
But people    nowadays like me can't even walk 1 km. And also what is the point of walking when you have cars and buses or even bikes.
Phones also affected my daily routine. If I wanted to find one of my friends, I had to run around our  neighbourhood   looking for  him but now   I just have to phone  him  on his mobile phone and just ask him where he is.
Computers changed my daily routine because ,  when I was younger, I  spent  most of my days outside playing basketball but now   I just play on the computers all day.
E-mails are also one of my examples. When e-mails didn't exist, I  wrote  letters and it took longer to get to the person I  was  writing to but with e-mails   the person could receive my message within  a  few seconds and you don't have to count    how many days  it will take before  he will receive it. So in my opinion, modern technology  has changed  my daily routine  quite  a lot.
Dear Sir
During my holidays in London I went to see your musical show.
It was a very  unpleasant  evening. First of all, it had  said   (on*/in)  the advertisement that Danny Brook was starring  (at*/in)  this show. But someone else  performed  instead of him. The other actor was very disappointing.
The second problem was the start of the show. It began at 20:15 and not at 19:30! That's almost an hour later. I had read that there would be  some discounts available , but I  received  none of them.
The restaurant should  have  been  open  when I came out, but it was closed because of the  time  the show finished.
It wasn't a perfect evening at all. I hope you can understand my disappointment and  why   I  ask for my money back.
Faithfully yours,
 Nowadays , nobody can live without technology.
My day, for example, begins with a lot of noise. The  alarm   (of*/on)  my radio wakes me up at half past six.
I  get  up, go  to  the kitchen and prepare myself something to eat in the microwave.
After  breakfast  I have to use my car to get to school. Without my car I would always  arrive  late. At school the computer has become an important new tool. I use it to  make compositions , to print some pictures or to surf    the  Internet . After school I relax in front of the TV and talk a lot with my friends  on   the  telephone.
Without    technology I would get  really  bored.
Now, I  lose  less    time and can use    technology to enjoy myself.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am  writing  to you to complain about the musical show,  where  everything was completely different from the advertisement.
Firstly, I would like to say that I am very disappointed and upset with the show I saw. To begin my  complaint  I  might  start with the actor -  who  was a different one  to the one advertised , not Danny Brook. Tina Truelove performed  marvellously , but him ,  I think he is a "street actor" from Covent Garden. Even worse    was the delay . The  Show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30,  which  drove me mad.
I am a student visiting London for one week only and I asked for  a  discount ticket .  I could not get it, it was really unfair .  I paid  the  normal price. Also there was another problem .  I planned to visit the Theatre restaurant after the show, I could not,  it  was closed because it  was being  refurbished and redecorated.
Anyway, I expected to have a perfect evening out ,  however ,  I  just had  a terrible time, everything went wrong. The only thing to do is: to compensate me, send  me  my money back .  I am sending my ticket for that .  Hope you'll be fair with me otherwise I am going to take this further.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully
Márcia
"Techno life"
 The twenty-first  century - technology, technology, and technology. Modern life    has been full of science and  technology .
I am very pleased that I  was  born  in a time when there is  such good  technology   but  my parents didn't have the same luck. My life is much easier with all  this   stuff   mentioned above  -  technology  and science.
Computers have changed people's  lives  . Many  of them can work from home, they don't need to go to their offices.  The  Internet is very handy, you can  shop , send e-mail messages, or even have sex,  which  is really funny.
There is  an  ambiguity about technology -  it  can  create  good things and terrible things as well. One good side is  it   makes  life easier -  computers , mobile phones, vending machines, etc.... The bad side is  we   can   use   technology  for war - missiles, weapons, etc....
Indeed  technology  has changed our lives, we have become more  sceptical  and cold. I believe that people should take  just good advantages that . Sometimes I think  technology  is not a good thing....
Mr. Circle Theatre's Manager
I am writing to you  to complain   (for*/about)  the Play you are advertising as the "London's Newest and Best Musical Show" in newspapers and leaflets. To tell you the truth, it has been the most disappointing experience  (in*/of)  my whole life. I cannot bear  it  when somebody says something and then does just the  opposite    .
To begin with, I would like to inform you, in case you do not know ,  that the play does not start at 19.30 as it says  in the advertisements . What is more  there   were  45 minutes of waiting  before it   started  and  it  did not  satisfy  all the expectations people had.
On the other hand, despite the fact that you said that it was starring    Danny Brook and Tina Truelove, I must tell you that Danny Brook did not appear at all. Instead of him there was another actor who  could  neither act nor sing,    even though   it was a Musical   .
The last thing I would like to complain  (for*/about)  is that the Theatre Restaurant was closed ,  because, as  we were told , of "VACATIONS". If    the advertisements and leaflets  say  "VISIT OUR THEATRE RESTAURANT AFTER THE SHOW" there  is   no   reason  for  it  being closed. It should be  open  at least until  everyone  gets out of the place. It must be our  decision  whether to stay and eat there, or not.
 To cut a long story short , because of everything I have said  above , the correct thing  for me to do  is to ask for my money back, and for you  it  is just  to give  it back to me because of all the  trouble  and  disappointment     you  have made  me suffer. I am looking forward to  hearing  from you as soon as possible.
HOW HAS TECHNOLOGY CHANGED OUR  DAILY   LIVES  ? 
 In our grandparents' time  life was so different   that we cannot  believe  that this huge change to our  daily  life happened in only one hundred years or less.
First, we have to admit that technology has really increased  our   ability   to communicate ,  to travel  and  to get  information. You can now know what  is happening  on the other side of the world   at the same time  as  it is happening. What is more, you can get the information you need in just one second by pressing the "enter" key  (in*/on)  a computer.
Furthermore, as we all know,  daily  life  nowadays  is quite  simple  and an example of this is that instead of buying a  piece  of ice to cool drinks (as our grandparents used to do) we not only have a refrigerator but also a freezer in case you want it faster and  colder . Strange as it seems, we now    have  all   types of  machine or  specialised  technology to make our  daily  life more  comfortable  and less  stressful . Things that human beings used to do    are now  being done by computers and machines more efficiently and rapidly.
 On the other hand , despite the fact that technology  makes  things easier in our  daily  life, the same happens in industries and companies where they use computers and machines instead of people. As people do not get     jobs  because  they   are  not needed they  fall  into  poverty , criminal activities,  become  isolated and  have no   chance  of getting a good education. This is the most  terrible  disadvantage technology has.
With advantages and disadvantages, technology is  a fact of life  and may represent an advance for some and a bad thing for others.  Every day things and technology change  our life, our jobs, our way of  facing  the world, this is  what differences both centuries, our grandparents' changes lasted to long to change human life .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing to complain about the musical show "over the rainbow". I recently booked a week's holiday in London ,  to see the musical "over the rainbow" ,  the date was the 9th of June 2000 ,   (from*/with)  your firm.
It was said that Danny Brook  would  play the leading part, but there was a different actor instead. This  really disappointed me .
We arrived at the theatre at 19,00 since the play  was supposed to  start at 19:30 but we had to wait until 20:15  before  it started. It was also said that discounts  were  available but this was wrong, because we couldn't get any discounts.
The theatre Restaurant that should be open after the show was closed because the  chef  was ill and there was no food in the fridge.
This should have been our perfect evening out but it wasn't.
I am not satisfied with this musical show at all.
I am  therefore  writing to ask for a full refund
I am expecting to receive a cheque for £20.
Yours faithfully
Anne Svensson
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. How  could  she manage to keep quiet about this ?  This was the best thing that  had ever   happened   to  the Fennall family for yeats .
Pat's sister-in-law was having a baby but she wanted to wait and tell the rest of the family.
She realised that telling Pat was a very bad idea but now it was done. Pat was so happy the whole day and wanted to tell her mother but Maria told her not to.
Maria was still a little bit  shocked   (over*/by)  the  news   that she would be  having a baby. She and her husband Peter had been trying for so long and now they had succeeded.
Many weeks went by and Maria and Pat didn't say a word about it.
The rest of the family understood that something was wrong because Pat started to buy baby clothes. Which was very  shocking  for her mother.
One day when they all sat down at the kitchen table     to have  their lunch Pat said,
- "Maria and Peter are going to have a baby"!
The End.
Olivier Peissaud
The Manager
Circle  Theatre 
Dear Sir,
I am writing to  complain  about a very disappointing evening I recently had during a week's holiday in London.
My girlfriend and I read an advertisement  (about*/for)  the show "Over the Rainbow" ,  which is very popular. She is fond of the actor Danny Brook so I decided to buy two tickets, provided there were discounts available. When we asked for  discount  tickets, we were  told  there never were discount offers and that we had to pay  for  the  most expensive  tickets - £20 each - because we were not English students. We were annoyed about it but we paid  up . We took our places, and began chatting with other people. We had to wait  until  8.15 pm before it started ,  whereas the show was supposed to start at 9.30 pm! Moreover, we were astonished that another actor we did not know was playing the role of Danny Brook. My girlfriend was very upset and so was I.
After that we thought we could have a drink in your theatre restaurant but it was closed because the  decor   was  being changed. Finally we had the worst evening I have ever imagined, it was definitely not the "perfect evening" as written in the  advertisement .
So I want my money back for these two tickets - I have included a copy  of them  - and I hope you will pay more attention to the way you treat your customers, and avoid false  advertising .
Yours faithfully,
Your  children's  clothes in 100 years
How interesting it is to imagine what kind of clothes people will wear in about a hundred years from now. Fashion is changing so quickly that all our dreams about clothes can  come  true. But let's see my point of view. In a hundred years,  the  clothes  will  certainly be totally  different   from  ours. Materials, textures and colours change, and  our  minds too.
So I think people will wear clothes made of recycled things, like  aluminium bottles . And I hope colours won't be dark and sad but very bright and enjoyable to see.
I think men will still wear pants and jackets but maybe not    jeans.  Synthetic  materials have  developed  and become very popular so  they  would keep going   . But maybe the shape of the clothes will  change : large  "baggy" pants , or trousers with many pockets as we see today. For women, clothes change more than for  men . It maybe because they are more likely to try new ways of  dressing . I guess they will wear a sort of  tunic   (upon*/over)  a shirt and a skirt, or more  masculine  clothes because they want to change. Finally it's very difficult to say  what  <NS type="M"></NS>.
Maybe Luc Besson's  movie "Fifth Element"  is quite a good example. The clothes were designed by the famous Jean-Paul Gaultier. And it really is an interesting point of view.
To conclude, in the end clothes won't be what we think  they will be  today, and it's a good thing because we can only imagine and follow the trend of fashion that makes us feel pretty and happy.
Dear Sir or Madam!
I'm writing to you because of the musical show "Over the rainbow",  which  I  saw  on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre. There are several points I have to complain  about   which   meant  the evening  was  not nice at all.
 First  the show started much later than    was  advertised . Instead of half past seven the show  started  at quarter past eight. I couldn't go to  get   any  refreshment  for  two reasons, the first one is that there was no information  about  how  long  the start of the show  was  going to be late  by . The second reason is that the  theatre restaurant  was closed  for the next two months because of building plans .
After I waited for about 45 minutes the show suddenly started but I     realised  that the main actor Danny Brook, who was the reason why I went  (into*/to)  the show ,  had been  replaced  by  another  actor, who couldn't sing    half as  well   as  Brook.
On your  tickets  information is written    that discounts are available, when I  asked  at the ticket  office  I couldn't get any discount for  being   a  student.
To  conclude,  the evening in your theatre and the show was very disappointing and not like  the one  promised. For these reasons I want to ask you  for  my money ,     £25 ,  back.
 reasently 
Miss. Winkler
What is the prize?
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets. He didn't want to say what Sarah  had just  told him, it just came  out   of  his mouth, when he talked to James. "Sarah has won in a quiz show?" James was more than just interested, he wanted to know what she had won. But Pat made a promise not to tell anybody about the quiz show and he  had already  told enough.
After one hour the  whole  class had heard about Sarah's secret. Everybody was interested in what she had won but  nobody  wanted to ask Sarah because it was told  as  a secret to them. Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class, when she turned around    talking and  whispering  started. Suddenly, she went to Pat and asked him , "Did  you tell anybody about our secret ?"  Pat told her everything. Sarah looked at him for a while,  then  she stood in front of the class and  explained  to the others   that she  had won  a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the  coast  of southern France and  every one  of the 19 pupils was invited, except Pat who wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
Dear Sir,
I am from Brazil and I recently  had  a holiday in London. During my stay I read an advertisement  (of*/for)  a musical show being  put on  at The Circle Theatre. As I was reading the advertisement I got very excited, because I am a great fan of Danny Brook, and he was going to be performing in the  musical .  When  I got to the theatre I asked for the discounts shown in your advertisement, but they were not  available . Anyway, I decided to buy my ticket, since I thought the play was going to be good. So I  sat  in my chair and waited for 45 minutes until the show started,  which  is an unacceptable delay.
 Despite this  I was still excited about the show, but then I  suddenly   realised  that Danny Brook  was  not performing, he had been replaced by an extremely disappointing actor.
The night  was  terrible, but it could  have been  saved by a nice dinner in your restaurant, but it  was  closed because the heater was not working due to  a   leak . As you can see it was not the perfect evening out your advertisement talked about.  So , I would be glad if you could  give   me  my money back.
Yours faithfully,
How has modern technology changed your daily  life  ? 
Modern technology has brought  us  many  inventions  which have made our daily lives much easier. For example,  the   Internet  has given us the  opportunity      to access  reliable information very fast.
I guess science is about solving our daily problems with technological advances. That is exactly what  has happened  to me. When I was younger ,  I remember that when I had to study or to work on a school project I would take a lot of time researching  (on*/in)  libraries, looking for old books. Today I can connect to the Internet and find all the information I need faster than you can imagine.
But technology is not just about studying, it is entertainment too! I can watch pay-per-view films without having to go out to rent one. I can also listen to  CDs , play the latest games,  watch  concerts.. everything in a zap. You also have fast food, or food made in the microwave within a few minutes.
As you can see, technology is about saving    time, so we may have more time to do what we like. In my opinion, technology is making my life much better  by doing  that.
London, 20th may, 2000
Circle Theatre
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am just writing this letter in order to complain about the musical show I  saw  last Sunday ,   (at*/in)  the evening.
Firstly, I  was  very disappointed because of the actor, who was different from  the one advertised in  your advertisement,  Danny Brook was not starring .
Secondly, I was ready at 19:30   , as you  had   advertised , and I had to stay waiting in front of the theatre until 20:15, when  the show finally  began.
 Worst  of all, at the end of the Musical, I went to    your Theatre Restaurant, in order     to have     dinner, because I  had   left  home without eating and so I was hungry at that time.
 So , you  can't  believe  how disappointed I was  when I  saw  that it was closed,  with no  explanation.
Finally, I would like to  tell  you that I am asking for  my  money back, because I had  a totally unpleasant evening , completely different  from   what  you  had   promised  in your advertisement.
So, I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
How has modern technology changed your daily life?
First of all, modern technology  has  changed my daily life  in  the last five years more quickly than in     ancient   times , or even than a  decade  ago.
I  came  to notice the difference  (in*/at)     work, since    all tasks  were performed on  the computer and I needed to learn how to use that machine.
In addition, at    University teachers  do not accept   written tasks done by hand any more , but only  those     written  (by*/on)   a  computer.  Also , teachers began  to ask  us  for  a lot of  articles   which were  to be copied  ( through */of)  the  Internet .
 (From*/At)  that time, I decided to buy my own computer and every day I was improving my knowledge.  First  I  came  to write letters and articles, next I learned several  computer   games .  From when  I learned how to use  the   Internet , I  haven't   stopped  until now.
Nowadays, I  can't   go  one day without consulting  computer  communications  via  e-mail or  the   Internet . I  exchange   correspondence  with all my family  via   the   Internet ,  with  my mother and 2 brothers who live in Curitilra City and  also  with a brother who  lives  in Italy and another who is living in New Zealand.
On balance, I can affirm that I couldn't <NS type="MV"></NS> without this modern technology today. My life wouldn't be the same    without  this  progress.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am  writing  to complain about the musical show at the Circle Theatre.
Firstly, the  actor  who  starred  was not Dany Brook as    advertised but  another  actor, whose performance was very bad. That made the show disappointing.
Secondly, the show should  have begun  at half past seven.  Despite   this  fact the show began at a quarter to eight.
Also, there  were   no   tickets available  <NS type="M"></NS> and after  this  bad musical show ,  the restaurant of the theatre was closed.
My evening was not very pleasant as you advertised. As a result of  this  I demand    some of my money back.
Yours faithfully,
If I  said  that technology has not changed my life I would be lying. If fact technology  has changed   my life in a major way .
Can you imagine your life without a car or a television? I  can't . Technology  is  so much  a part of  my life  that  I could not live without it.
But technology doesn't only  make  my life better. By     using      a  car I    not only get an easy way to move  around , but I  also  destroy  the   environment . Also, if I use the car    (in*/for)  small distances when I  could  go on foot, I  destroy  my  health .
 Can  you imagine your life without a television or a computer? I  can't .  With  the computer I can contact    my friends and with the television I relax, I could not find another way to relax and contact    others.
Technology is very important  (for*/in)  my life. It makes my life  easier , and it would be much more difficult to live without it . 
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to complain about the musical show "OVER THE RAINBOW" which I saw in your theatre yesterday.
I had really  looked forward to  the show because it was the first time I had seen it in London and I was attracted by your advertisement which looked very exciting. However, I found it very disappointing.
Firstly, the show started at 20:15 not at 19.30 so I had to wait for 45 minutes  (on*/in)   my  seat ,  so it made me upset. Secondly, I was very disappointed as soon as the actors showed up on stage because they were not  the  actors who you advertised. Thirdly, you state that there are discounts available but I could not get any reductions at all.
Finally, to make matters worse, your restaurant had already closed after finishing the show so I could not eat anything. You mentioned    "Your perfect evening out!" in your advert. but it was  absolutely not  true!
So I must insist that I want to have a full refund. I look forward to receiving your cheque as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
For many years scientific and technological  breakthroughs  have changed our lives. I think that the more technological developments we have ,  the more comfortable lives we enjoy.  Amazingly , we can find that  there are more and more computer users . So    life is much faster and more convenient than before.
My daily life has also changed a lot through the use of  computers  or  modern  technology.
First of all, using  a  computer is the most important  thing  for me because I can store my personal records such as diary or expenses and I send E-mail to my friends who live abroad. I used to write letters but it takes time to arrive there or sometimes  disappears  ,  so E-mail is brilliant for my life. In addition to this,     the   Internet  is quite useful and helpful to have information from all over the world. Before I go on holiday I use  the   Internet  to book or get details from  the  travel agency, which means I could save my time and physical energy. In conclusion, in my opinion, there are many advantages in my daily life at present and I would recommend people learn computers and would like to say "Enjoy your lives".
Dear Sir,
Last Saturday evening me and my family went to see the musical show "Over the rainbow" at your theatre.
I'm writing this letter to  explain  the reasons  (of*/for)  our disappointment  (about*/with)  that evening.
The advertisement for the show said that there  were  discounts available for children so we brought them and when we bought the tickets we had to pay the maximum price for everyone.
Then, when we got in, we had to wait because the show started forty-five minutes late. By then our children were very bored.
My husband was looking  forward  to seeing his favourite actor, Danny Brook, and when the show started he found out that Brook had been  replaced  by a different actor. My husband was really unhappy.
When the show had finished we decided to go for a snack  (to*/in)  the theatre restaurant and it was closed without  anyone  giving any reason   .
As you can see, it wasn't the evening we expected and the result was very different from the promises you made in the advertisement.
I think it would be reasonable if we could have our money back.
Yours faithfully,
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party wasn't as  successful  as we thought.
 I  and my friends, including Pat, were preparing a surprise for Sam's birthday. We decided to go to his place (I've got a copy of the key) the evening before his birthday while he was at work and decorate the  lounge , then turn off the lights and wait for him in silence until he arrived.
Everybody was excited about the idea and we were keeping it  a  secret in front of Sam.
Two days before the event Carol, Albert, Sam and me went to visit Pat in her house and she invited us to stay for dinner. We were having a wonderful time chatting and laughing but suddenly the phone rang and Pat  answered  it. It was her aunt ,  inviting her  over  for the weekend so Pat said very loudly: "I'm sorry but I have to go to Sam's flat and decorate it ;  it's a surprise, don't tell anybody"
Sam  looked  at us surprised and said ,  "What's going on?"
Everybody had to change  their  plans and the party became a normal party. We were a bit disappointed but we enjoyed  it  anyway.
Dear Manager,
With this letter I want to  explain   to  you some problems I had last week  (in*/at)  your theatre with your show. First of all, I want to introduce myself. I'm Francesco Schein, I'm 18 years old and I went last week to see your musical show "Over the Rainbow". I was very upset because the show had many problems.
First the actor was changed and his  replacement's  performance was very poor and disappointing. Then, the show began 45 minutes  late , so we had to wait  a  very long  time . The advertisement said there were discounts available, which were not  available .  Finally  you said  there   was  a Restaurant, but it was closed, so we couldn't eat anything  until  we got home.
I hope you understand your  mistakes  and I'm asking you for  our  money back.
Faithfully Yours
I don't know if technology has totally changed my life, because I was born with it and I have learned  about  it since I was a little boy. For example, I was born knowing  that  man has  walked  on the moon.
There are some machines which have helped in my development, and others which help me to make my life easier. The computer for example makes communication much easier and faster  than  in  times past , when everything was  sent  by  normal  mail, and it  was  weeks till it got  to  the right place.
There are other machines which are bad for the environment. Many industries throw their contaminated air away, without cleaning it  first . Technology has to move further so it can solve problems  such  as pollution, so we can live better and longer.
Dear  Manager  of the  Circle Theatre ,
Two months ago I went to see your musical show. I got very angry because you are liars. It was one of the most disappointing  evenings  of my life.
The advertisement said that the actors were Danny Brook and Tina Truelove but the  actors  <NS type="M"></NS>  were  different. Who  would  believe it? You  really are  a funny theatre.
And  then there's  the time ,  too. You wrote that at 19.30 the musical  would start . I was waiting for 45  minutes  :  the show started at 20:15.
I paid  £20  without any discount. You said that some  discounts   were  available. Nobody  got  a discount.
When I went to the  restaurant  I was really  surprised . It was closed and I  still  don't know why . 
In the  advertisement  you wrote "your perfect evening out", that's very funny. It was  just  a disappointing night and I want you to return to me some of my money . 
a very angry man
 Modern  technology has changed my daily life in many ways.  Modern  technology  helps  me when I do my homework    and      play  some games  etc. 
First of all ,  the computer. It helps me when I  study . I can find many things  (from*/on)  the  Internet  or  write  my compositions on it.
The car has changed my daily life, like everyone  else's . I can go from one place to  another  very fast . 
Most of the machines which  I  have at home help me, too. I can find cold water in the  refrigerator  but 50 years  ago   they  didn't have the  refrigerator , so our life is easier   today.
When I stay home I can watch  TV  or listen to the radio  etc,  so    modern technology  helps  me to spend my free time.
As you have seen ,     modern technology has changed my daily life a lot and I believe that it has changed it  (to*/for)  the better.
Dear Sir,
Last night, me and my family visited your theatre, and we had a very disappointing evening
In the advertisement the time when the show should start was 19.30 but it started  at  20:15. When I arrived  (to*/at)   the  theatre and  asked  for the discount, it wasn't available. In your  advertisement   the show   was starring  Danny Brook, and on the stage  a   different actor performed  and his  acting  was very poor. The whole show and  the  acting was  of a standard comparable to   school  theatre. When we decided to visit  the  theatre Restaurant after the show it was  closed  because  some     decorating wasn't  finished . It was  this  last  point   that   got  me angry. After  everything   that   had happened  we went to  the  hotel  tipped and very affect .
It wasn't  the  perfect evening out,  as  you     promised  in your a advertisement, and I want  to ask  for my money back.
Yours faithfully
Alexy Pasimov
 (For*/In)  the last one hundred years science and technology  has taken   a  big step ,  if we  look     back.  Similarly,  more  than  100 years  ago     people  didn't have  the light  bulb . They     just used  a candle. Nobody     thought  about the Telephone, and telegraph. From  a  small village to  the  town was  a  very long way  because     people used  a  horse and wagon.
And look at  us  now.  Every  family  now has   a   TV , to travel    long  distances  we  use  not just  the  car  but   also   the  train and  aeroplane . Before we  had   a   fantasy  about how people  might  travel to other planets, and what we see now  is   a  spaceship cruising in    space.
 We spend the  most    of our  lives   operating   computers . Before it was only  in our   imaginations .
New  technology   has made  our  lives  more comfortable and  easier .  Everything   that  we do now we do with  a computer : it  helps     to look  after  the  house,  to perform  very difficult  operations ,  because  the computer can think much faster  than   a  human.
And I can continue my list  (on*/in)  this way...  because  science never  stops   (on*/in)  one place.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing in order to complain about the show "Over the Rainbow", which  played  in the "Circle Theatre", because the information which was given in your advertisement was not true at all.
First of all ,  I would like to say something about the  star : I went to the theatre because I wanted to see Danny Brook, but once there I found an actor who I had never heard  (about*/of) . So the main  purpose  of my visit had  failed .
Another point is the time when it started, exactly 45 minutes  late . A serious theatre can't  fail   on  such an important thing, the  time of the performance . I had to wait all that time in the street, because the hall was not big enough. Moreover, once I was     paying  for the tickets, I found another thing  out : there were no discounts  available . In your advertisement you informed us  (about*/of)  their false existence.
But there is still another point: the theatre restaurant where I had decided  to have  supper was closed, without  anyone   giving  the reason. I had to go back to the hotel, because all  the  restaurants in the area were  completely  crowded.
Summing up, you might have  realised  that that wasn't "my perfect evening out"  which  you promised, so I would like you to give me the money I paid for the ticket back. This might be the only way I keep on relying on your theatre.
I hope I will receive an answer.
yours faithfully
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets, and because of this Pat caused a big, but stupid ,  problem.
It was late in the night, and Pat was thinking about something Nick had told her that afternoon: - "Don't tell Marie I was here". Nick was Marie's boyfriend, and Marie  was  a very good friend of hers. They were in the shopping centre, and the problem was that Nick wasn't alone, he was with a very beautiful girl. What could Pat do? That morning Marie had told her that Nick couldn't go to the cinema with her because he had a lot of work to do in the afternoon so.. what was he doing there with that girl?
In the end Pat phoned Marie and told her: she was a very good friend. Marie was so shocked that, as soon as Pat had stopped speaking, she phoned Nick and, without letting him say anything, she broke up their  relationship .
But the truth was very different, because what Nick was doing there was something which had nothing to  do  with what Pat had thought. Nick was there because the following Sunday would be a very special day for him: he would have been going out with Marie for three years, and he wanted to buy a present for her. But..what about the girl? She was his cousin! She works as a model, and she was  advising  him about  what  clothes, etc,...  to buy  for her.
Pat couldn't keep that secret, and in spite of helping Marie, she made a couple  break up .
Dear Ms. Belinda Marriott,
My name is Akihiro and I'm a member of an English club at West Isle College. I'm writing this letter to invite you to the event which I'm organizing for people who want to improve their English, as our teacher told me that you have come to live in our area.
Our English club is not a very big one, with 14 students and a teacher. Most of the students are between 18 and 22 years old, but there are some  older   students  . The  eldest is 28 years old. We all love to learn English.
At the event, I'd like you to give us a speech. You can tell us about whatever you like. For example, a speech about your latest work would be very nice. I'm planning the event  (on*/for)  15 or 22 February, from 7 to 8 p.m. Please tell me which day is good for you. After the event, I'd like to offer you    dinner at a Japanese restaurant near our college.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Sincerely yours,
I had never taken birthdays  seriously ,  neither  my own  nor   those  of others, until I had that really special day on my twenty-fourth birthday.
I was born in May, which is the busiest month for school teachers in Japan. Unfortunately, both of my parents are teachers. In my childhood, they were always too busy to remember my birthday and I didn't remember my birthday either.
When I was 23, I joined  an  NGO in Denmark and  started  living with other members, most of  whom  are from Europe. On that day, I noticed that they were preparing something for me and that reminded me that it was my birthday. I had never had a birthday party before and I didn't expect much.
The party was far  beyond  my  expectations .  Twenty  people from five different countries celebrated  (for*/with)  me. I had never felt happier.
I still often forget my birthday, but I will never forget that special one I had two years ago.
Dear John  
I was very happy to receive your letter. I haven't heard from you for a long time . How  are you? How is your sister, Marine?
I went on a boat trip with my class last month and it was very exciting and  interesting . We were also very lucky with the weather ;  it was warm and sunny so we could admire the picturesque views all day long. I think you should  definitely  go and I'll try to help in  any way  I can.
First of all I recommend you  go  on the 8 a.m. boat. It might mean waking up early but it will be less crowded and more comfortable on the trip. In my opinion a guided tour is essential, because Bourne Castle is a historical place with galleries full of unique works of art and you will need a guide to explain everything thoroughly and answer all  your  questions.
I think you should take  a  packed lunch with you, because the restaurant is far too expensive and the portions are too small (you'll get very tired walking around the castle).
I advise you to try  the   water sports  as well . It's  a real laugh.
I'm not sure how many students  there are  in your class but they give reductions for groups  of  over 15 people so maybe you'll have to invite some friends to join you. By the way, I'd love to come with you, if it's possible! I really enjoyed our trip and I'm eager to see you again!
Looking forward to your reply,
Love
TV - a powerful force that keeps us glued to  it  for endless hours every day, unable to press the "Off" button on the remote control. Some say it's evil, it spoils our eyes and personality, others say it's useful, enriches our minds with knowledge and helps teens form their individuality. But can each one of these people answer one simple question ?  "Could you live without television for a week?"
I can honestly say: I could. I like TV, I watch it but luckily I haven't become a TV addict yet. Well, maybe only yet. When do we turn on our TV set? When we are bored and lonely or  on the other hand  when we are tired of doing something we dislike. So if I lived without television for a week I'd find something else to keep me busy: invite some friends around, read a good interesting book, go bowling or to a swimming pool. This summer I lived  in a complete TV vacuum for three weeks  .  I forgot it had ever existed. I just didn't have time for it, didn't allow it to enter my life. And no, it wasn't a self-made torture. I was just having a good time and I didn't need television to support me and keep me company in the dark summer evenings.
You might ask me a normal question :  "What about  the  news?" Well, I'm also bothered about what's going on around me but     have you forgotten  about newspapers? And the radio (if you're too lazy to read the news yourself and prefer  it  to be read to you!)
The biggest difference the absence of TV  made  in my life was that I actually started living. I think everyone can say "no" to TV because humans' will is far    stronger than the invisible hands that lure us into their cave. And it'll be good for you as well, after a week without TV you'll begin to  appreciate  it and your life a lot more.
Dear Mary,
I'm really happy to hear from you! I've had so much work at school recently (exams!) and so many things to do, that I've almost forgotten how good it is to relax and rest a bit. Fortunately, the people from my class are really great and we all love trips - especially interesting ones.
The boat trip  you were  asking about in your letter was really fantastic and well organized . There  were absolutely no problems and we had lots of fun! Here are some facts for you:
The departures are at 8 am and 10 a.m. every day, but it's much better to set off earlier as the boat is less crowded then (I know you hate getting up early, but...). After two hours of the cruise, there is a stop at the beautiful Bourne Castle where they offer guided tours. I think such a tour is essential, because you can learn lots of interesting things about the history of the castle.
After visiting the castle there is lunch at a restaurant, but you'd better take  a  picnic - it's so beautiful there!
In the afternoon you can choose from a variety of water sports at the lake. Try windsurfing, you'll have lots of fun!
I'm telling you - the trip was wonderful and I'm sure your group will like it. Especially  because  the prices are reasonable and if you have a group of 15 people, you get a discount.
Try it and have fun!
I'm looking forward to hearing from you . Take  care,
It was three o'clock in the morning when the phone rang. I rushed to answer it, but when I picked up the phone, there was nobody there. "Stupid teenagers again" - I thought angrily, climbing the stairs to my bedroom.
Suddenly, I heard  a  strange sound behind me. I turned around quickly, but there was nothing - the sound  had disappeared . I began  to feel  a bit scared, not that I was afraid of ghosts, but...I had  the  impression that something was wrong. I stopped and listened. Nothing. A complete silence.
After a minute I started walking up the stairs again and I heard the same sound - it was the sound of footsteps! I was so frightened that I could barely move, but I turned my head again. There was nobody  there . But something  had changed  - the kitchen door was wide open.
Suddenly I saw a figure of a man, dressed in black, moving towards me. I couldn't believe my own eyes, so I closed them quickly and ran to my sister's room.
"Jane" - I shouted - "There is a ghost downstairs! A man, dressed in a black suit!"
"I know" - replied my little sister peacefully, - "It's Grandpa. Don't you know it's his birthday today?"
"Yes, but our grandpa is dead, don't you remember?" - I cried.
"That's right. But haven't you just said you've  seen  a GHOST?" - she asked and looked at me as if I had lost my mind.
Dear Mr Robertson , 
I'm writing  to  you about our  trip  which you have     organised .
First of all, thank you for  the   good  programme. We saw  the  details and  were   pleased with  them , especially   the   river  trip to Greenwich and visiting  the  National Art Gallery.
All the students in my class are excited about one more thing. We saw an advertisement  (about*/for)   the  Fashion And Leisure Show. It will be at  the  Central Exhibition Hall, London. The date is Tuesday March 14. The show  is open  10.00 - 19.00. This show is about  the  latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and  hairstyles . One more thing about  the  show is    that  it's free for students. Isn't it a  great  opportunity for us?
As you know, there is  some  free time in your programme . If  you don't mind, we can go    shopping in this free time. This  change     would give  us  the  opportunity to go to  the  show on Tuesday afternoon.
We hope you    accept our suggestion. It  would  make us so happy.
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Sincerely ,
A PRIVATE LIFE
All people have some difficulties  (about*/with)  their  jobs  but some    have more than    others.  The reason  for this    is that  they are famous and everybody wants to  know  about them.
Having a private life is important for everybody. I think   people want this.  If  you are a famous person, for example  a  singer, film star, politician or  well-known  footballer, you haven't  got  any choice. Because people want to learn  everything about you  ,     journalists  follow  you all the time.
I know   they are not like us. They are famous, but I think they need to be alone sometimes. They  need  to be with their family in  peace . This is important for everybody and I think this is important for them, too.
I think  the  media must be more understanding. We don't have to  know   about  their every second. We have to remember that   they need a private life like us. We can love them without disturbing  them  too.
Dear Mr Robertson,
 On behalf of  all the students, I thank you for organizing our trip to London and for the really interesting programme you propose  (to*/for)  us as well. It is likely to enrich our vocabulary and our knowledge of    English culture... However, we would like to suggest    something:
A few days ago, we saw an advertisement about "The London Fashion and Leisure Show" ,  which seems to be very  interesting . Therefore, after having talked about it, we all concluded that we would be pleased to go there. Let me explain  to  you what it is: It  is  an exhibition which takes place in the "Central Exhibition Hall" on Tuesday and deals with the latest fashions, the different   leisure  ,  make-up  and so on...
What do you think about our jobs? It would be  very  interesting for us as fashion is  of  great interest for people    our age. Moreover, you wouldn't have to worry about the price as it is free for    students. If you agree, we will only have to change the programme on Tuesday afternoon: I mean that instead of shopping, we would go to this exhibition. But I guess that neither  we  nor you would be against the sacrifice of a "Shopping-Afternoon" - that we can even  have  on Wednesday during  our   free time  - so that  we are able  to enjoy the Fashion and Leisure Show...
Please, Let us know.
Yours  sincerely 
The  respect  of Famous people's private  lives  has always been a hot topic... On the one hand, those people are  like  us in the way that they had a childhood,  they  got married and  had  a family... The only difference between them and us is the kind of job they are doing ,  which is literally a "public job". Therefore, why do we have to talk and gossip about them?! But on the other hand, the aim of a "public job" ,  such as politician or actor ,  is to be known and appreciated by the population. And here comes the  paradox : Do we have to  reveal  someone's privacy to judge his work and appreciate him? Well, some people would  say yes  whereas others would  disagree . I guess this is an unanswerable question...
As far as I'm concerned, I would say that famous people made the  decision  to be followed and tracked by journalists all the time, when they chose to be famous.  It's  as simple as  that ! Everyone is aware of the celebrity's  predicament  so, if they really wanted their privacy, why did they choose a "public job"?? Even if  everyone   deserves  to have a private life,  famous people know and might have made a mistake ... However, I would add that journalists - being aware of that  hard topic  - should try to  moderate  what they write in order to respect  other people's  privacy; since they would probably not be  happy  to have their own private life  exposed !
But to solve this problem, we  must  think first about its origin... "Reading the  gossip ": isn't it what  all  of us love doing?? Therefore we should try to educate ourselves so as to respect  other people   in his privacy .
Why not?
To conclude, I would say that "privacy" and "celebrity" can't go together. It's just a matter of choice: being aware of that problem, everyone is free to become famous or not... !
Dear Sir,
I am writing  to let  you  know  about some comments and suggestions from some students about the trip you have    organized to London.
First of all, we would like to go to the London Fashion and Leisure  Show  which takes place from Monday 13th to Wednesday 15th. It is  open  from 10:00 to 19:00 and it is for free for students.
This is a great opportunity because we can  learn  more about leisure and fashion  (from*/in)  this city. If you allow us to go we could change the programme in  the   following  way.
Firstly, on Monday morning we can visit the presentation of the latest fashions and in the afternoon we could take a sightseeing    bus. Secondly, on Tuesday morning we can  see  the  leisure   wear  and  sportswear  and in the afternoon we can go to the Science Museum and finally, on Wednesday, we can go and see the presentation of different hairstyles and  make-up  ,  spending the afternoon in the National Art Gallery.
We hope you  will consider  our suggestions  and   let  us know your answer.
Yours faithfully
The home of the Future
If you think  (in*/of)  the future you  might  think  (in*/of)  faster and better machines, advanced technology or  a  better life. All this will happen in the next 50 years, how can we be prepared to receive all these things in our homes?
The next 50 years.
Nowadays, our home life  allows  us to have more free time to spend doing leisure activities like practising sports or going out. In the  near  future we will be able to do nothing because everything will be done by computers and machines   ( the  washing-up,  hoovering , ironing, gardening, cooking, etc. ) The question is, will it be  a  better life?
On the one hand, we will be able to spend more time with our family and not  be  worried about anything. No more housework, no more stress,  no  more illnesses; everything will be perfect.
On the other hand, life will be boring, a large amount of workers will be    redundant and housewives will not have anything to do ,  which will be extremely boring and tedious.
What do you prefer? Do you enjoy doing nothing or do you really enjoy what you do? It is your  decision .
Dear Mr Robertson
Thank you for the programme you have organised for our visit to London. We think it will be a very interesting trip, especially the sightseeing by bus.
In our class, we have read an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show", which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on Tuesday 14 March from 10:00 to 19:00. As we are going to be in London on this date, we think   it could be a great  opportunity  for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions, make up, etc. and it is free for students.
Because of this   , we would  kindly  ask you to change the programme   so that we could go to this  particular  event. We suggest visiting the Science Museum in the afternoon on Wednesday 15 March and  cancelling  the  shopping  on Tuesday 14 March.
Hoping  (on*/for)  your agreement and looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
 A   special  invitation
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I was having  a   holiday  with my parents and some friends in India and we were enjoying talking to people and eating the local food. One day we were invited  (from*/by)   some  locals to visit a little town five hours away from New Dehli. Although my parents were very happy  (of*/about)  having such  a   special  opportunity  of  visiting a place with no tourists, I was a little bit scared.
In this country my parents used to buy water in bottles to have it clean, but in the little town we didn't  have   the chance to do this  and the family where we were staying      kindly boiled the water for us.
We spent 2 weeks with the family. The first week was  fine , but  (on*/in)  the second week I got very  sick . I think it was the water. My mother tried to get a doctor, but they said there was no one.
Some days later we went back to Dehli and ,  having  been  to the doctor and having again  drunk  bottled water, I was feeling healthy again.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to thank you for the  well-organised  programme you have  organised . It will be a good opportunity     to visit  London and    interesting places like the Science Museum.
In addition it is   proper   to mention    that all the students  (of*/in)  my class are interested in going to The London Fashion and Leisure  Show , which is taking place on Tuesday 14th in the Central Exhibition Hall.
The London Fashion and Leisure  Show  is an  amazing  show because there are  parades  with the latest fashions . We  could  see  some famous top models .   Also  there  will be  a variety of clothes  either  sports  wear as elegant  designs  .  Also  we could see the latest trend in make-up  and   hairstyles performed by important coiffeurs .
With your agreement we could change the programme. Maybe we could go    shopping on Wednesday afternoon and on Tuesday we could go to  the show .
We would like to have  a  reply  so we are able  to  begin  making the arrangements. Many thanks again.
Yours  sincerely ,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I  never imagined  I  would have  to face this situation.
I joined    an expedition    in order to explore the Rocky Mountains. We planned a  route . We arrived  (to*/at)  the  place  in the morning and started to walk.
 Everything  was marvellous .  I got on well with all the  partners . The  landscape   was  the most beautiful that I had ever seen   .
The weather was delightful, except  for  this afternoon when  it  started to rain and we  decided  to stay    the night inside a hole in the  face  of the mountain.
I realised that my bag was outside and I went out to look for it, when a  shower  of stones covered the  entrance  of the hole. I was terrified, I knew that the only solution was to ask for  help . I walked alone a long  distance  until I found a telephone .  I called the police and  they ask for a rescue .
 Thank God  ,  everything finished in a good way.  And  my  companions  were successfully rescued.
12th December 2000
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I would like to thank you for organising a nice programme for us.  In particular , going to the Museum and the Art Gallery  will  be a great  opportunity  for all of us, as they are world-famous places in London. However, there is something I need to ask you.
Everyone in the class wishes to go to the London fashion and leisure show which will be held on Tuesday 14th March from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.  (In*/At)  the show, we will be able to see the latest  fashions   -   leisure- and sports-wear ,  make-up  and hairstyles. It  is  essential because many people in the class are thinking of studying fashion in future.  Entrance     is free for students so the show is well worth seeing.
To go to the show, we need to alter the programme. The show is on 14th and  lasts  a whole day. So, if we could go to the Museum by using the free time on 15th it would be okay although we could not go shopping.
I look forward to hearing from you shortly.
Yours sincerely,
Story
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
Three years ago, when I was in Japan, my parents were both working and neither of them were at home by the time I  got  back from    school. I always had my own key and  unlocked  the door by myself.
It was a horrible day, the day I  left  my key at home! There was nobody to let me in,  no way  to contact    my parents. What I decided to do was  to get  into the house by climbing  on  the roof because I knew one of the windows was unlocked. First, I climbed the tree in the garden. It was okay,  because  I was quite good at that, but the problem was that I had to jump onto the roof! It had been raining, the previous day, so the roof was  slippery ! I managed to do that although I cut my knee! I walked on the roof carefully,  so as  not to slip. I was extremely happy when I got into the house. It was a scary, but thrilling and exciting incident!
Dear Mr. Robertson , 
Thank you for giving us the chance to visit London. We  are all   excited  about the  programme  you've prepared for us, especially about    visiting the National Art gallery.
We have seen an  advertisement  for the London Fashion and Leisure Show in a newspaper.
We think it could be  a  great opportunity for us because we'll see the fashion show  might shop for leisure and sports wear  and all  the  girls in our class are  interested  in new styles in  make-up  and hairdressing. And it is free for students!
If you don't mind, we'd like to change the programme a little bit. Instead of shopping on Tuesday afternoon we'd like to go to this show, which will continue till 7 o'clock in the evening.
We all expect the trip to London to be  exciting  and hope to  return with  unforgettable memories
Best regards
your students
The Home of the Future
Our life is changing every day. New technological inventions bring us new cars, new planes, new houses.  The future  is  almost  unpredictable. But what if  we try  to imagine  what  our house will look like in the next 50 or 100 years?
Will we all live in  the  countryside in  houses  surrounded by forest full of animal life? Or would  our house itself be  alive? With new computer technology nothing is impossible.  A   scientist  could  discover  the  4th   dimension  and  we'd  get unlimited space inside the house.
It is already  possible    that very soon all  household  appliances will be  voice-controlled . You could tell your wardrobe what clothes you'd like to wear, your hob will cook your  favourite  meals and your  refrigerator  will send orders to the supermarkets to buy the food.
Lots of changes could  occur  in the future, but the main purpose of the  home  - to  provide  comfort and safety,  a  place for you to relax and feel at home   - will remain.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Many thanks for the programme you have organised. It is really interesting and  diverse  at the same time.
There is just one thing I want to tell you :  Janine and Richey have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure show and we all would like to go to the show.
 It  is in the  Central  Exhibition Hall, near the hotel, and it is  all  about fashion:  the  latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles. I think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( which  is really good).
It is a great opportunity because this show is only  every  two years and  normally  it is difficult to  go in . And, as you know we all are interested in fashion.
 In my opinion,  I would suggest  going  to the show instead of the National Art Gallery because we could go there another time. Or   going to the show on  Wednesday  morning and  (on*/in)  the afternoon, we can choose between free time or  the  National Art Gallery.
I look  forward  to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I went out of the room, ran as  far  as I could and started thinking  about  what this man was doing here and who he was.
When I arrived in the street it was dark    and  windy, but I could see a shadow at the corner of the  street opposite . By the time I arrived  there , he  had  disappeared. Suddenly, I felt very tired and decided to go home.
My sister was standing, crying and  showing  the front door. I took her in my arms and opened the door: my mother was sitting in a chair, reading a book, with blood all around her. I finally realized that she was dead.
The police arrived twenty minutes later, took my mother and checked to see what could be  useful  to find the  murderer :  luckily , the knife which he used to kill her was still  there  and in fact they  were able to   arrest  him.
They found  him  two months  later  and six months  later  he was in jail. To forget everything, I moved to Irkind with my sister  (in*/to)  a small house in the countryside. Everything was going  on , when one day, I  went   (in*/into)  the house and found my mother sitting in a chair reading a book, with blood all around her.
Dear Mr Robertson
My name is ... and I am a student representative. I am writing to you on behalf of my class concerning our trip to London.
First of all I would like to thank you for organizing the programme. I read it and found it very good,  especially     the  Science Museum and National Art Gallery as I am interested in arts.
However, I have a great proposition for you.  The students  in my class have recently seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. I  think  it is a great opportunity for us, as it is at the time of our being in London and is free of charge for students.  The girls   would  like to see the latest  fashions , new make-up and interesting hairstyles.  The boys  are interested in seeing leisure and sportswear.
I would like to suggest a change in the programme by giving up shopping and going to the London Fashion and Leisure Show.
I hope you will consider this proposition and I am looking forward to hearing  from  you.
Yours sincerely
THE HOME OF THE FUTURE
Home is an important element in everybody's life. It gives you safety. I do not know people who would not want to have a home. We like our houses ,  that is why  we  are always trying to make  them  more comfortable and  useful .
I think  the home of the future  will be bigger as we will need more room for  ourselves , our belongings and interests. The construction will be more simple ,   which  will give us a feeling of balance. More houses will have gardens ,   which  will make us feel closer to    nature.
Many people think that we will  resign from  a kitchen ,  which is a useless place, as we will spend most of the time at work and will eat outside. I do not think so. Because of computers ,  we will have the possibility of working at home, therefore, home will be  a  very important place worth paying attention  to .
Take care of your home, do not hesitate <unknown/> in it and you will be very happy.
Dear Mr Robertson
My name is Gabriel and I  represent  our class. We have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would particularly like to go to the show. As  representative  of my class may I kindly ask you to  partially change  your plan  (during*/for)  our visit  (in*/to)  London ? 
   Monday 13 March  will be   fine . The morning    visiting interesting places in the City and  (on*/in)  the afternoon    make a trip to Greenwich, which is excellent.
Because the London Fashion  Show  takes place on Tuesday, I would suggest  changing  your plan.
There is a very interesting programme for young people like  us .  They  will  show  the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, <NS type="M"></NS> several additional attractions. It  would be    beautiful   if you would agree to change your plan.
The last day,    Wednesday 15 March ,  will surely  be  very interesting because the National Art Gallery is  a  very famous place in London.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.  
It happened on a very  lovely  day in summer.
The sun was shining, the  Channel  was clear blue and I was walking by the  sea . Suddenly I  heard  somebody crying for    help. Not  studying for too much  I ran as fast as I could  directly   to   where  I  heard  the voice <NS type="M"></NS>.
I knew   I  couldn't   swim   so  I realized it might be dangerous for me as well. But  (in*/at)  this particular moment it wasn't important  (for*/to)  me. The most important  thing  was a little boy  of  about ten years old, who was in the  water  without  his  parents and couldn't  swim . It was  difficult  for me because I am afraid of  water .  However  I went quickly to him and took him  (on*/in)  my  arms . He was  exhausted  and couldn't  breathe . In the meantime a man told me he  was  a doctor and could help the boy. I was very happy that I managed to save the  life  of the boy. Now, when I consider    the events ,  it's clear  (for*/to)  me that if I got  there  a few minutes later  it  probably  would have been   too  late.
You should ignore the  danger  if you  are   convinced  you can save  somebody's      life .
Dear Mr. Robertson,
The trip that you  have planned  for us   students    is  a great chance to meet new people and visit a beautiful city   . Your programme is excellent because it tries to offer    the students the best way to spend  their  time without wasting time  (in*/with)  silly places or events. We'd like to thank you because  this  kind of  event  shows how  dedicated you are   (with*/to)  our school and the students that study there. It's  especially great to visit  the Science Museum ,  because of its  exhibitions .
But there's something that I'd like to ask. The London  Fashion  and Leisure Show will start on Tuesday. It's a great opportunity for us because there will be  exhibitions  of the latest fashions, of the new hairstyles,  and  of the new leisure and sports clothes and people teaching how to  apply   make-up .
Our suggestion is that you could change  the day of the leisure time to the shopping in the afternoon .  (By*/In)  this way, the leisure time would be on Tuesday and we would be able to go to the London Fashion  Show . Thanks for  your  attention and we're waiting for your answer.
Yours  sincerely ,
Famous People  &amp;   the  Media
Famous people are special  in the eyes of  the rest of    society. They form opinions and invent new fashion styles. Nowadays, the media is expanding its  means  of communication so they need more information. The media is starting to  encroach  into the private life of these famous people.
It's important to respect other  people's  lives because  it  can cause serious problems  (in*/for)  the family of the person or in his life. If the famous person doesn't mind    being filmed in his personal life there's no problem. But if the politicians or the film stars ask for  privacy  the media has to respect  that . Everybody likes to be with  their  family without any reporter or photographer  hanging around .
In summary, the best thing to do is try to extract from these people their best qualities and not try to find things that could irritate them like  family  problems or personal problems.  Respect  is essential. They deserve to have a private life like any  ordinary  person.
Dear Mr Robertson
 I'm sorry to have to write   this   letter   ( for */to)  you.
I need some  more information about the programme . Because    my class want to go  to the  London Fashion and Leisure show  (in*/during)  your programme  and  we need some  timetables  and  frieds     to go   there .  You   didn't  tell  us  any  details  about how  much   the   ticket costs      to go   inside .
In my  class room  somary  people stay  outside  London about 50% in my class room  and everyone  is   very   worried  about  how     they can stay  (in*/for)  three days in London. Can you  tell  us about this ?   And  we're very  excited  about  your  programme.  And  then we want  to  know about Fashion and Leisure  in your information For Students Free .   We  don't play any ticket  and in your information  you   tell   us   that  on Monday morning we  are going  by bus . Could  you  tell   us   some   more details about the morning  . And  we want to know about  on Tuesday Afternoon you tell For shopping we don't know about where about shopping in London .  Because  in London  there   are  a lot  of  shopping  places  ,  can you  tell  us about shopping and  the time For spend or day  ? 
 Thank  you  For any  detail  more I think we go with you  and enjoy  a   fantastic  programme.
 yours  sincerely
In my college  butty 
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it
If I  tell   something   in the college baby someone like or dislike about my story but I think my story it very good for someone .
 In my college have got a new student every Monday and very big college around heir. and we  have got  three  buildings  and we  have got   a lot  of  teachers  the  teachers  have got  experienced  about teaching I think somebody come in my college you fried want to  study  in my college and you want tall anyone for your college you can't tell for something but you know yourself about college you know just you love it and very like it nobody dislike it somebody tall about class rooms it very big and  comfortable  . For study my college  is   really  amazing.
I think my story can  tell  you about my college and you  think you want come For visit or you want come For study in my College It up to you I think if you came you know If you don't come you don't know. about something very good in your life .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to you concerning  the  three days which we are going to spend in London.
I would like to thank you for the programme which you have organised for our English class. It sounds very  promising  , especially  the trip to Greenwich.
But there is something else which we would like to see. We have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we  would all  like to go there. It would be a great opportunity for us, because we are all interested in fashion ,  particularly in  sportswear .
The show is going to be in  the  Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday 14th March from 10.00-19.00.    Entry  for students is free. I would suggest  visiting  the Science Museum, which  we were going to do on  Tuesday, on Wednesday afternoon. So that we can go to the Fashion Show. And if there is anybody who wants to go shopping, he  will  be able to do it on Wednesday evening.
We are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
It was dangerous but I knew I had to do it. For just one day in my summer holidays I planned to do something adventurous. The moment I saw the advertisement about one of the  seven wonders of the world , I knew   I had to see it. But this was also the moment when my nightmare started to come  true .
My friend and I had just arrived at a small airport in the middle of the Californian desert.  A  man came out from a small building. It was our pilot. He introduced himself and we walked towards a small plane. The doors of the plane were so thin   that I thought I could  have torn  them. We went inside and the plane took off. It was horrible. I could feel every movement which was caused by   clouds   or  wind . I thought we would die.
But then, finally, we reached the Grand Canyon. I didn't know what to feel. It was amazing. We were so near that, I thought I could touch the sides of the Grand Canyon by reaching out of the  plane's  window. I swore to myself   I would never ever  fly in  a plane like this again. It was too dangerous, but I knew deep inside I had to see it.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I am writing on behalf of  the  students in your English class. Firstly, we are  pleased  and would like to thank you for your  arranging  to  take  us to London for 3 days.
Unfortunately, some students have seen an  advertisement  for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we  would  all like to go to the show.
This show will  take  place at  the  Central Exhibition Hall in London on Tuesday 14 of March  (at*/between)  10.00 - 19.00,  which   includes  the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles.
It is a great opportunity to visit  it  because it is  held  only twice a year and    entrance is free for students. Furthermore, most of us are designers so this might help to  update   our  knowledge as well.
Therefore, I would like to suggest that on Monday 13 and Wednesday 14 of March, we still stick with your plan. We might change the schedule on Tuesday 14 March, from visiting  the  Science Museum to The London fashion and Leisure Show.
I would appreciate  it  if the matter  could  be settled    easily and look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
 It  was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I remember when I was in secondary school. At that time, my friends and I  were  so daring and full of energy.
One day before  an  exam, we were so excited and  frightened  because we weren't ready for  the  exam. We knew that our teacher kept the exam papers in her desk. One of my  friends  came up with the idea that we had to steal them. The question was who would be the person  to perform  this action so we tossed a coin, and the result was me. I was so  scared  and  frightened  because if I was caught I would be punished.
However, I had to do it otherwise my  friends  would call me a chicken and they dared me to do it.
So, that afternoon  (in*/at)   lunchtime , I went into the teachers' room and opened her desk and took the paper out  quietly  and calmly. Finally, I was  successful  in doing that. I took it to copy and returned it    without anyone  seeing  me.
That was the most  scary  and daring thing that I did in my childhood. I  can't   imagine   what would have happened  if I had been caught.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
As we have seen the  advertisement   (of*/for)  the  programme  the school  arranged  for us as a farewell  activity , we are very  appreciative  and would like to thank  you  for your kindness, as all of  them  are very interesting and give us a chance to meet and  join  the other class ,  which we  have hardly done   at all .
However, on    March 14, there is the "London Fashion and Leisure Show", which is also interesting for us. As you know all of us in this class are preparing to  go in for  the art &amp; design school in the next semester. So this is a great  opportunity  for us to get used to the real world of fashion design, because in this show there will  be  a fashion show, a  demonstration  from  make-up  artists, and a contest for hair  stylists . Furthermore, most of the  famous   brand of  sportswear  companies  will  be at  this exhibition with their new  products  for the coming season.
We would like to know if all of us can  go to  this event. We all agree that we are going  on  the school trip to  the  Science Museum, which is the most interesting trip for us. Anyway,  instead  of  going  shopping in the afternoon session, we will attend the show. This is the solution that we all think    will be the  least    effective   to the other students, as the school do not need to re-arrange  the whole  trip just because of our special  interest .
We hope  very  much that you understand, and would like to thank  you  in advance for your cooperation.
We  look  forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
I had never wanted to be a hero
It was dangerous, but I  knew  I had to do it. Even though all of my friends who were with me  (in*/on)  that day    said ,  "Just let it go, it's  only  a puppy. Why do you have to take a risk?" It seemed that  none of them had  any sympathy  (to*/for)  that lovely  blue-eyed  puppy that somebody who  had  no mercy  had just left     there,  (in*/on)  a highway.
 If you imagine how dangerous you were while you had to stop your car and got   out   of  the car on the highway where  there were only car at least 120 km/hr running along your side . It was true that small dog  was  in danger, but your life  would be  in that situation as well once you  decided  to do that brave thing.  My whole  body was shaking, and I would almost have turned back to my car if I  hadn't   heard  that small creature cry as if he wanted me to be his owner.
So I just crossed the road,  jumped, and  picked him up. I  felt  like I was a hero at that moment, even though I'd never  thought  of it before.
To Mr. Robertson
I am writing to tell you something about the three-day trip to London.
I have seen your programme for the trip and I think it is going to be a great trip. Thank you very much for organising this trip and putting all your spare time and effort into it. Personally, I enjoy looking  at  and learning about new inventions and all the science. That is why I think the trip to the science museum is a good idea. However, my class and I have seen an advertisement  (about*/for)  a fashion and leisure show. We are attracted to this show and would like to go. Unfortunately, it is on 14th March, which is the day we will be visiting the science museum.
This show is on the 14th March. It is in the Central Exhibition Hall and will start  at  ten o'clock and finish at five o'clock in the evening. Apparently, this show is free to all students, which means if we went, the cost of the trip  would  be  reduced .
I think it is a great opportunity because it is based on fashion. We like to keep up with the  trends  but I think it will help those who want to become    fashion  designers  later on.
I have a suggestion on how the programme could be changed. The shopping time could be after the show and the free time exchanged for the science museum. If we go to the show, we can do without the free time.
Please give this your careful consideration..
Yours sincerely,
In a country like the UK, we are all bound to have houses. We either own it, or we simply borrow it from other people. We take our homes for granted. Think about the people in the poor countries! They struggle to survive. However, as we approach the future, our homes will start to change.
Have you ever thought about how the changes will affect our lives? I doubt it.
There will be lots of differences in our homes of the future from our homes now, but there may also be a lot of similarities. For one, the future  home  might not be built out of bricks at all! It may be built out of a stronger substance or a more attractive one, such as glass. Non-breakable glass. Also, due to global warming, sea levels might rise and  the  risk of flooding will also rise. Therefore, houses will be built on high supports. All domestic appliances such as showers, kettles, lights, TV and curtains may be voice activated. Incredibly high security will prevent robbery.
The future homes will also have many similarities, such as having a separate bathroom, and not having one in a bedroom, or having two floors or having garages.
It has been a pleasure sharing my thoughts with you. What do you think will happen in the future?
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I am representing an English class, which is going on a three-day London tour.
We would like to thank you for organising our programme. We really appreciate your attention. The programme you suggest is versatile and full of interesting activities. We are eager to attend  the  National Art Gallery and Science Museum.
But we would like to make  a  suggestion, if you don't mind. We have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and would like to go to this exciting show. It will take place in the Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday    the 14th of March from 10 a.m. to  7 p.m. 
Our students will have a great opportunity     to see  the latest  fashions , as this unique show is held only once a year. What's more, new hairstyles and leisure and sports wear are presented there. And apart from  that , this  event  is free of charge.
We would be very grateful if you could change our programme for Tuesday afternoon. We are thinking here particularly of the fact   that we can go to the show, instead of shopping.
We sincerely hope that you will consider our suggestion.
 Sincerely  yours,
We tend to think that famous people, such as politicians and film stars ,  are very happy and satisfied with their life. But such an attitude is wrong. It is quite obvious   that  celebrities  can't lead a normal life, as they are constantly followed by reporters,  which  makes their life miserable.
The first point I would like to make is that  the  private life of a celebrity is open to  the  public. I am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is  widely  discussed in the mass-media. It is common knowledge   that such    attention inevitably tells on relationships in the family.
Another aspect is that  the  children of famous people suffer a lot from this attention. They can't communicate with ordinary children  or  attend ordinary schools.
And last, but not least ,  is the fact that famous people can't express their emotions,  showing  their real feelings to  the  public. And it tells on their attitude to life and on their character. I would like to stress that very often famous people become reserved, bad-tempered and angry with the world for interfering  (into*/in)  their lives.
I would like to sum up by saying that every person,  whether  famous or not, deserves to have a private life without being followed or disturbed.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Regarding the programme you have organised,  everything that you have planned is a great idea , but I would like to suggest    something that the students saw in an advertisement.
It is  a  good start to go on  a  sightseeing    bus on Monday morning,  because  we can  see  all  the  famous buildings in a few hours.  It   will be  relaxing to go to Greenwich in the afternoon looking  ( through */over)  the river.
The idea  (about*/of)  going to  the  science museum is fantastic .  I read about the museum,  and  it is really interesting  (in*/for)   the history of science .  After all morning in the  museum , it is wonderful and on  Tuesday  doing some  shopping , whereas the  students  have another idea for  Tuesday . 
On Wednesday after  we have   visited   the   National  Art Gallery, we can have a chat about  our  next holiday  (at*/during)  the free time in the afternoon.
The advertisement that  the  students saw is  (about*/for)  a fashion show, but to go to the show you will need  to cancel  the tour on  Tuesday  and add the show, because the show is from 10.00 to 19.00.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
Freedom!
Nowadays the main  attraction  in the newspapers and  on  television is  the  private  lives  of famous people.
It is really interesting how people like  to know   about  famous  people's   lives . Without someone famous  knowing ,  photographers  take pictures secretly,  and  try to get money  (on*/for)   them .
Sometimes being famous can get  stressful ,  because  everywhere they go there are people around them, especially journalists, trying to ask millions  of  questions.
Famous people deserve to have freedom to do whatever they want, but it is quite difficult to do  things  in    public places, because nobody  likes   seeing  famous politicians or film stars without asking questions.
On the whole,  being  rich and famous  doesn't  always bring  happiness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous.
1st. March, 2000
Dear Mr. Robertson,
Thank you for organising the programme  (about*/for)  the trip to London. There are a lot of activities that all of my classmates are interested in and  they are especially  looking forward to sightseeing by bus and visiting  the  National Art Gallery. However, I am writing to suggest a special activity while we are in London.
The students in my class have just seen the advertisement for a show in today's edition of The Times. There will be The London Fashion and Leisure Show in Central Exhibition Hall on the 14th of March. It starts  at  10:00 am and finishes  at  9:00 p.m.
All of my classmates would like to go there because it is a great chance to see the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles. Besides, students don't have to pay  an  entrance fee because it is free for students.
The fashion show is only on the 14th of March, so I would be grateful if you could allow all of my classmates to go there after visiting  the  Science Museum instead of going shopping.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours Sincerely,
Many people think that it is natural for famous people to be followed by journalists all the time because they are famous and everybody is curious about their life. However, in my opinion, famous people, such as politicians and film actors, deserve to have a private life.
First of all, everybody has rights to keep their own  life private , especially when they are in serious situations such as divorce  or  a family member's or    closest friend's death. It is too cruel for them to  have   their feeling monitored  at that time.
Another reason that I agree  that  famous people deserve to have a private life is that if journalists followed them all the time, it would result in their death. For example, if Diana, who was  the  ex-wife of Prince Charles, hadn't been followed by  paparazzi  when she was dating    a  man , there wouldn't have been a car accident which caused her death.
To sum up, nobody wants  their private life to be revealed   (on*/in)  public. Therefore, even famous people need their own life apart from the media.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I was asked by my class to write to you. First of all, we want to thank you for having organised a very good programme for the  three-day  trip to London. Indeed, we are especially interested in the sightseeing  tour  by bus. The river trip to Greenwich is also a marvellous idea! Moreover, we couldn't go there without visiting the Science Museum and the National Art Gallery.
However, could we make a suggestion? Having seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show, at the Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday 14th, we would particularly like to go and visit it. How wonderful it could be to see the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear in this city, so famous for  that ! Besides, as there are more girls than boys in the class, they would certainly enjoy attending  on live make-up and hairstyles . Lastly, it is free for students, which is fantastic!
So, instead of going shopping on Tuesday afternoon, we  could  go to the  show . We  could  go shopping on Wednesday afternoon, as we should  have   some   free time . What do you think of this suggestion?
We are looking forward to receiving your reply.
Yours  Sincerely ,
For famous people, having a private life is difficult, especially because we are all interested in their lives.
On the one hand, I think that some famous people are looking for    media attention. Indeed, it can be useful for their career. The more they are in the media, the more  famous they will be .  In my opinion , some of them need to be appreciated by fans, they need to be loved and see themselves on television. However, some others only use the media to come back, because they cannot find a job anymore. They need to be famous again. Besides, I  think  that some stars sometimes call  journalists  to tell them where they will be, in order to have free  publicity . Moreover,  in my opinion , it is also a good way for them to earn money. Famous people are so often asked to give  interviews  , either in the newspapers or on television, that the outcome is that they want to be paid for it .
On the other hand, for other famous people, being followed by journalists is the worst element of the fame. In my opinion, it must be so stressful to endure the pressure they  are under  to be perfect all the time because they could be followed by a  photographer . They cannot go to public places, unless they  disguise  themselves and they are ready to sign autographs. They would really like a normal life, either because  of  their temper  or out of regard for  their children. Nevertheless, they are never  left  alone, which is a shame. We have to respect them as human beings,  which  we often forget they are.
Basle, 12th  December  2000
(Your English class N3c)
Dear Mr Robertson,
We have received the programme. We'd like to thank you for organising  a  good programme,  and especially for  the shopping tour on Tuesday.
Our class is especially interested in  the  latest fashion and trends. London is a good place for discovering  these things . We've seen an advertisement for 'the London Fashion and Leisure Show' and all of us are very interested in it. It's an exhibition of fashions,  sportswear ,  make-up  and hairstyles. We think it is a great opportunity because there are some people in our class who  want  to study  fashion  after leaving this school. And  every one  of us is interested in fashions and clothes! This exhibition is situated in  the  Central Exhibition Hall, London.
We've noticed that the exhibition will be on Tuesday,  the  14th of March. Could we change our programme? We'd like to do our shopping tour on  the   following  day (Wednesday afternoon) instead of Tuesday afternoon. What do you think about our suggestion? Please write back as soon as possible. We hope to  hear  from you soon.
Yours faithfully
Basle, 12th  December  2000
Dar Oxana,
Thanks for your letter. It's nice to hear from you again. In your letter, you asked me  whether  the book I've read would be a suitable present for your cousin's fifteenth birthday. It's my pleasure to write my suggestion for you now!
You know I love reading books, it's my passion. I've read all the books of  the  English author Ernest Hemingway. They are great I tell you! But I think your cousin is too young for  them . Why? Because he  especially  concentrates on  the  history,  society  and  political  situation  (in*/of)  the time the story is  set . That  can  be  quite   difficult  to understand, especially for young people. For me, his books are great. But anyway, do you know the book with the title 'The Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie'? It's written by Agatha Christie. She's an American and her books concentrate on crime and detective stories. Her books aren't difficult to understand. She  writes books especially  for young people. And I think this book is a very good one for your cousin. You wrote that your cousin is quite  interested  in magic, detectives and sport, didn't you? I think this is the best choice for him!
I've  sent  you a copy of the summary from the book and an interesting article about the author and the book. Please read it and write your comments. I hope to  hear  from you soon! Have fun with it and say hello to your cousin! See you soon!
Love,
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing with reference to the trip to London on the 13th, 14th and 15th March.
Firstly, I would like to thank you very much for the  excellent  programme you have organised for my class. We are especially looking forward to  going on  the river trip to Greenwich and  to  the sightseeing by bus.
Secondly, I have seen an advertisement in the  Times  about the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It will be  held  in the Central Exhibition Hall in London on Tuesday 14. My class and I are all interested in it and we would like to go there to have a  visit .
It will be  a  great opportunity for all of us because they will  show  the latest fashion,    leisure and sports wear,     make-up  and    different hairstyles. Furthermore, the admission for students is free.
I have  already  thought about a  change   (of*/to)  the programme. On Wednesday we could enjoy our free time  by   going  shopping, so on Tuesday afternoon we  moved  have time to go to visit the London Fashion and Leisure Show.
I hope you will take my proposal  (in*/into)     consideration. I am looking forward to hearing from you soon. Yours sincerely
It was dangerous but I knew I had to do it. What was so dangerous and  why did I have to do it ? Now I will tell you in brief  exactly what  happened to me.
It was a fantastic sunny day  (of*/in)  August and my friends and I took a day off from work. There were just four of us. We all decided    to have a day by the seaside not far away from Portsmouth. When we got there we were wearing our costumes. We  lay  on the sand under the sun, we had funny beach  volleyball  matches, interesting chats, but after two hours there, my friends decided to go swimming. For me, it was a big problem because I had never had swimming lessons    and my friends didn't know about that. I didn't want to tell them because I was sure they would have started laughing  (of*/at)  me. So I took the decision to go and join them  as well   though  I knew that it would  be  dangerous  for my life . I  waded  very slowly through the water and I was very scared but I had to do it because if I didn't go my friends  would   realize  that something was wrong with me. In the end fortunately everything went well as I didn't sink in the sea. After that day, I decided  to take  up swimming, so that I would  have  no  embarrassments   (in*/on)     future trips to the seaside   .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week.
First of all, I would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students.  In particular  ,  I believe that the visit to the National Art Gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us. All the students are enthusiastic about it.
However, some of them have read an  advertisement  about the London Fashion and Leisure Show, which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March. The Exhibition will show all the latest  fashions   (in*/over)  a very wide range from  sportswear  to  make-up  and even hairstyles. What is more, the show is free for all    students. We feel that taking part  (to*/in)  it would be a great opportunity  (to*/for)  us since we will be able to  get  some information about the world of fashion, which is becoming more and more important in our  time .
 Under the circumstances , I was asked by the class to inform you about the show and to ask if it  would  be possible to make some changes  (in*/to)  the programme if it  could to visit  the  exhibition . It will take place on Tuesday from 10.00am to  7.00pm , so we could give up    shopping and go to the show in the afternoon.
I hope you will consider this possibility and tell us as soon as possible if you intend to accept our proposal.
Yours  sincerely  , 
Being  rich and famous  is something all of us have dreamt of  at some time . But  famous people aren't always  happy  (of*/with)  their  situation . Usually if you ask them what they    desire most, the answer is: "I would like to be able to live like ordinary people do . "
 This answer is no surprise : famous people  cannot  have their own private life. Whenever they go out they are suddenly "hounded" by groups of journalists and photographers who want an interview or a photo. They  cannot  even have a pizza with  friend who  stops them and asks them for an autograph. But the worst thing of all is that they are often  the  victim of malicious  gossip , which most of the  time   is  not even true.
In conclusion, I believe that it is certainly  right  that famous people accept their  situation , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings . On  the other hand, however, I think that they deserve to have a private life  like  all other people have. Also the most famous star can be unhappy and  depressed :  in fact, money and celebrity don't always bring  happiness.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I am writing to you,  on behalf of  all the students in my class, to tell you about our wish to change the  London  programme. I would also like to thank you for the  excellent  programme you  organized  for us,  and   in particular  the river trip to Greenwich might be fascinating.
I would like to tell you about the show which we would like to see: It is "The London Fashion and Leisure Show", which is going to take place at the   Central  Exhibition  Hall in London, on Tuesday the 14th March, between 10.00 and 19.00. The latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles will be shown  (in*/on)  this occasion. We think that this is a great opportunity because it takes  place  only once a year and, on top of all  that , it is free for students.
We suggest  going  to the show on Tuesday afternoon instead of going shopping ( something  that we can do on Wednesday afternoon, in our free time).
I hope you will consider our request . 
yours sincerely
 It  was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I had absolutely no choice. We had walked for three hours (my mother, my two  brothers  and I) through the humid and noisy jungle, looking forward to  reaching  a small but clean house where a nice and friendly family, old friends of  ours , used to live.
The path we were walking  (in*/on)  was quite clean and I was feeling really happy and relaxed... until we reached a river. There  was   neither   a  bridge nor a canoe . The  only way to cross it was  by  walking on  a big old   tree  trunk which was lying down, peacefully, making the only  bridge  between our side and the other.
My mother and brothers had already crossed the river, and they were encouraging me to do the same from the other side of it, but I was paralysed with fear. Then, I suddenly realised that I had no choice, so I  summoned  all my courage,  took  a big deep breath, and crossed it! It was easier than I had thought!   That day, I learnt that I can  even do  things which, at first sight, seem impossible to  do .
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I am a student  (of*/in)  the FCE class and I am writing to you  on behalf of  my class to thank you for the programme  (about*/for)  the  three-day  trip to London that you have prepared for us.
We have discussed the programme in our class and the students are very happy about that ,  especially because we will have the  opportunity  to visit the Science Museum and the National Gallery.
Last week some students  (of*/in)  our class  saw  an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show that will be on Tuesday the 14th of March.
We would like to go to this show.
There will be the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear  on show . In addition we will have the  opportunity  to see the newest  make-up  and hairstyles.
We think that it will be a great opportunity for us to see this show because we are all interested in fashion.
For these reasons ,  I am asking you if we can go there on  Tuesday  afternoon.
You can give the  opportunity  to the students  to  choose between  going  shopping or  going  to the show. The show will be at the Central Exhibition Hall and it will be  open  until 7. pm.
It is even free for students!!
I hope that this change will not cause    you too many problems.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
I agree with this statement.
I think that famous people deserve to have a private life like all the normal people, without journalists following them all the time.
A famous person should have the chance to go on his own for a walk without having the annoying impression of being followed.
In my opinion the journalists should have more respect for the private  lives  of    famous people. They should understand when it is too much, when they are going too far.
For instance, the tragic death of Princess Diana is an example of what a journalist must not do. In this  instance  we can say that the journalists have, of course indirectly, caused her death.
On the other hand,    famous people have to understand that    people are interested in their lives. If one is famous ,   one  has to accept also the disadvantages of  being  famous.
 Famous  people must  understand  that the journalists are doing their  job .
In my view Prince Charles is a good example of how famous people have to deal with the media. When he goes skiing in Switzerland he always stops for a while to talk with the journalists and to give the photographers the chance to take pictures. After this break he continues to ski without  being  annoyed for the rest of the holiday.
In conclusion I think that there must be more  understanding  and respect between famous people and the media.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I'm writing to you  (on*/in)  the name of all the students who will go  (to*/on)  the  London  trip.
First of all thank you very much for your programme,  it  sounds very interesting and everybody is looking forward to it.
However, we do all have a request to  put to  you.
We saw an advertisement about the "London Fashion and Leisure Show" in the Central Exhibition Hall in London.
This show is going on all day on March 14th.
As teenagers we're all very keen on fashion so it will be a great opportunity to go because in our  countryside , we'll never get a chance to see a show like that.
What we are suggesting    is to change the programme on the afternoon of March the 14th. Instead of going shopping, we could go to the show. Anyway, as students we don't have much money to spend on shopping and the good thing is that it won't affect your budget at all as the entrance fees are free for students.
We hope you consider our request which would be  much   appreciated   (in*/by)  the class.
Yours sincerely,
Why  are the media  so  interested  in famous people?
Because of us!
I know that everyone is excited about what happened  (to*/at)  Michael Douglas' wedding or what kind of life the President of  the  United States is living but sometimes it's going a bit  too  far.
Those movie stars or politicians may have a lot of money, may do whatever they want but what is the price to pay? Would you like to live a life like that, every time you make a wrong step, the whole world is looking at you, judging you ?  It must be very  exhausting  to have the  media  around you  day and night  because you can't be yourself, you have to show your best side and character.
In my opinion  there  should be a rule which  lets  the  media  approach famous people almost anywhere except in their private home to leave them at least one place to feel safe.
Dear Mr. Robertson , 
I and all of my  colleagues  have read your programme, which you organised for us, for our  three-day  trip to London.
We all think the programme is organised well . In particular  we're so keen on the idea  of   going  to the National Art Gallery, to see  the  work of the  greatest  painters  (on*/in)  the world.
I'm writing to you   because we saw a great  advertisement  for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we really would like to go to see that show.
The show will be in  the  Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday,  the  14th of March ,   (between*/from)  10.00 pm to 19.00 pm.
I think it's a great opportunity ,  because   we will have a chance to  see  the latest fashion, leisure and  sports  wear, and  also   the way to do the perfect  make-up  and  hairstyle  . In my opinion, we can have a great time there, and  entrance  is free of charge for students,  which  is very important as well.
I'm wondering if there is any possibility to go  (on*/to)  that show on Tuesday afternoon, and move our shopping to  the  next day.
I hope you'll think about our  proposal  and consider  changing  the programme.
 Yours   sincerely 
'My perfect holiday'
'It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it'
My story  begins   (on*/during)  my holiday. It was  a  nice, hot summer so I and two friends of mine  decided  to go  (for*/on)  holiday this year to the  seaside .
We thought  that  with that  beautiful  weather the  seaside   would be  just perfect for  relaxation , sunbathing and  joy .
However ,  the truth was a little bit  different .
 Things  started happening from the    day we arrived.
The weather had changed  suddenly , and there was no more sun, but strong wind and  heavy  rain.
 Despite     that we were still thinking  optimistically .
 We were thinking is so many other  activities  to relax and enjoy  ourselves  then sunbathing on the beach .
We went to  a  few  exhibitions ,  nightclubs ,  and  restaurants around  the  area and we really had    fun.
In the end, the weather got better, so we decided to go to the beach.
Everything was  suggesting    today was going to be a good, sunny day.
We went    swimming.
Then    in a few minutes the weather changed and  a   big  storm  began .
The sky went  completely  black, so at first it was difficult to see   where everybody  was .
I  looked  around and I  realised   a  friend of mine  was  still in the  sea , and fighting  (with*/against)   the  storm, trying to get to the  shore .
I didn't think . I  just went  in  to save my friend.
Everything was looking so dangerous but  fortunately   it  ended  well .
That was the end of our holiday, and next year  we definitely  won't be going to the  seaside .
Dear Mr Robertson,
Thank you for organising a good programme for us. All of my classmates are expecting to go to London. I am satisfied with your programme. However I would like to suggest a good idea as a representative of our class.
We have just  seen  the advertisement for 'The London fashion and Leisure Show'. The show  includes  the latest fashions,  sportswear  and  make-up . We are very keen on    fashions and  make-up . Moreover, the  admission  fee is free for students. It would be a great opportunity to study the latest fashion trend.
It is held at the 'Central Exhibition Hall' on 14 March., from 10 A.M. to 7 P.M. Therefore we could go there after the Science Museum. If some students want     to go  shopping, they could go on 15 March , because  we have    free time on 15 March  in the  afternoon.
I hope you will consider my suggestion.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
'A robot wakes me up at 7 A.M. every morning. I am served breakfast with fresh coffee. Washing and cleaning have  already been  done by my robot maid! Everybody might dream about this kind of situation.
It  may  come true in the near future. Our robot maid will do all of  the   housework  instead of  a  human. In addition to this you will be able to control all  parts  of  the  house by    computer such as temperature or  vacuum  cleaning.
However, this robot  cannot  replace  a  mother or wife. They can clean the house but they  cannot  give    affection to the family. Children need  parents'  love and support all the time.
To sum up, modern technology will bring lots of changes and our daily lives  will  be more  convenient . But these robots  cannot   replace      a   warm-hearted  human.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I have heard you organised such a nice programme ,  especially  the  river trip and museum ,  for our class. I would like to thank you for doing that on behalf of my classmates.
By the way, our classmates have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and leisure show. It will show us the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear. In addition,  make-up  and  hairstyle  shows will take place at the same time. We think it would be a wonderful chance to have a new experience. What is  even  better,  is that  all students can participate without paying. It takes place at Central Exhibition hall in London. And it starts from 10 to 19 on 14th of March. So we would like to suggest you  put  this  event  into the morning time on Tuesday instead of  the  Science Museum and put  the  science museum into free time on Wednesday.
I hope you will consider our suggestion. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Much safer but still at home
Our homes have  changed  with many comfortable things  compared  with the past. As many inventors made lots of things, we can live in   well-equipped  houses: But do you think no more comfortable homes will be built?
Our homes will be different in  order  to protect our family from theives. For example, now we have a security  safety  like a bell or button. But in the future, we'll use our eyes or finger prints through the special space to enter inside. That  means , our security system will be much stronger. On the other hand, what  might  still be the same is to have good places to take a rest at home, such as a beautiful garden, a small terrace. Because it is  an  instinct that people prefer comfortable  places  and want to take a rest in a peaceful place.
To conclude, while our homes in the future will be much safer than before, they will still have good spaces for us to be at home.
Dear Mr Robertson
I would like to congratulate you  (for*/on)  the excellent programme that you have prepared. I think that  it  is such a good programme ,  especially because the places that we visit, like the Science Museum, are very interesting.
However, the rest of the students and I have heard about the London Fashion and Leisure show that will be celebrated at the Central Exhibition Hall in London  and  where the latest fashions will be shown. There we will have the chance to be  made  up or to try new hairstyles, too. And it has  free entrance  for    students. We think it will be a great opportunity because it will take place  during  our visit to London,  on  the 14th of March. We think that, if you don't have any problem, we could visit the Science Museum on Wednesday after visiting the National Art Gallery so that we  could  go to the London Fashion and Leisure show.
We are  waiting  for your decision and we will accept it whatever it  may  be.
Yours sincerely
"THE HOME OF THE FUTURE"
 In my opinion , the home of the future will be very similar to the homes that we have today. I think that it will  have  a similar structure but it will include some new technological advantages like having all the house controlled by a computer so that, for example, we can turn on the lights  (of*/in)  the bedroom just  by  pressing a button while we are watching the TV sitting on the sofa.
Although many people think that the home of the future will be something like  a  UFO, in my opinion the changes won't be very  great , they will probably consist  (on*/of)  making the  housework  easier. The  clearest  example is to compare a house from the  beginning  of the 20th century with our  houses  .  Both are very similar but now we have new technologies.  (In*/On)  balance then, I think that the houses that we    see  (on*/in)  films won't really exist.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Thank you for organising the school trip  (in*/to)  London. I am really looking forward to participating in the programme, especially the visit to the National Art Gallery. However, I am writing to make a suggestion about the trip on behalf of all the students in my class.
Could I suggest that you consider changing the programme? The London Fashion and Leisure Show is going to take place on 14th March in the Central Exhibition Hall in London. According to the advertisement I have seen, it is supposed to show the latest fashions,  leisure- and sports-wear ,  make-up  and hairstyles. It is also free to enter for students.
It might be a good idea to fit this visit in in the afternoon on 14th March because I strongly believe that it would stimulate our interests in London so that we could study English with  greater  motivation. Even if we do not have enough time for shopping after the show, we will be able to go shopping  (at*/during)   our  free time on 15th March.
I sincerely hope this letter will be of some help. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
I believe that famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for some reasons.
First of all, they are the same as ordinary people even if they are treated as  celebrities . Therefore, they    deserve to lead a normal life as we do.
Secondly,  no one  has the right to  snoop into  anyone's private life even if they are journalists. Some people might say that we all have the right to know everything happening in the world as one of  our  human rights. However, I think that they mix them up and that they should think about the right  (of*/to)  privacy.
To sum up, famous people are the same as we are, and we all have the right to lead a private life and no right to  intrude on  their privacy. Therefore, I strongly believe that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I would like first,  on behalf of  my whole class, to thank you for all you've done for us and for our trip to London.
We've just been told about your programme and I must say that we all like it! What I am most looking forward to   is the River trip to Greenwich; but I would also really like to visit the Science Museum as well as the National Gallery! This will be very enriching for us! You must wonder why I'm writing to you,  then ! ...  Well  actually we've  just  received an  advertisement  for the London Fashion and Leisure Show, and the vast majority of the class would like to go and see it. This will take place in the Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday 14th March. We thought it would be a great experience for us since we  quite  don't have such opportunities in our everyday life! Moreover,     admission  is free for the students so that won't raise the cost  (for*/of)  the trip. I thought we should visit the Science Museum on Monday afternoon so that we could do the River trip on Tuesday morning just before going to the fashion show! Anyway, we were  going  shopping on Tuesday afternoon so that won't be a problem to my mind!
I hope you will  consider  our request,
Yours  sincerely ,
It was dangerous but I knew I had to do it. George was about to be  lynched  on account of his  skin colour . Someone had to react ... I had to react! ... otherwise I would have felt responsible for his death, for the rest of my life.
George was  lying  on the floor, surrounded by his own lake of blood. He had just been beaten by a  group  of white men. And  yet    he was too weak to resist the rats   coming from everywhere and eating his face, his legs and his arms, waiting with great impatience for his death.
He had been chained and no way could he escape from his fate without some help! The place where I was hidden was overlooking the house where he was kept  prisoner . No one was  guarding  him. They were all celebrating their victory with a gorgeous dinner around the  fireplace . I tiptoed as far as the house, carefully opened the door, and headed to George. At the very moment when he  saw  me, his eyes began to shine and I could feel that he had recovered some hope. I  rescued  him and we were about to flee, taking back our dignity and freedom ,  overwhelmed with  joy , when we saw a  white man ,  aiming  his gun at us, and about to shoot ...
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it . 
I knew   I would not come  to  this world again, everyone has only one  chance  to do whatever they want
I come from  a  very  strict  family. You    never made  a decision on your own , you always had to ask your family's opinion.
I had always wanted to be a theatre actress. I  saved  my pocket money to go to the theatre    age  of  15. During     those  years I had met    Zuhal Olcoy. I had seen her every morning  when  I was going to school. Despite     the fact that  going to school by bus  was  easier than  going   by   bicycle  ,  I had  preferred     going to school by  bicycle  to  going  by bus. In that way I  was  able to see her every morning. The more  I saw her , the more  determined  I became. At last I met    her. She  invited  me  to  her play  (to*/at)  the theatre. When I went     to see her play , I     really  would love to be  an  actress. She was the only person who  encouraged  me to be  an  actress.
I  took   an  exam for  people who want   to be  theatre  actors  without  telling  my family. Otherwise my father  would   have killed  me and not let me  go  to school. I would never ever go to school again. Despite    preparing  for  the exams, I     continued   to go  to my school regularly.
Now I am a theatre actress. It was my dream .  I wish my  daddy 
Dear Mr. Robertson
I am a student from your class and I would like to thank you first of all : it's  a good programme, especially the visit to the National Art Gallery.
A few students and  I  have heard about a fashion and leisure show.  The  show takes place on 14th March from 10.00 - 19.00. They  will show  the latest fashion, leisure and sportswear  and  something for the women:  make-up  and hairstyle trends.  The  show is free for students,  and   that's  also a big advantage. We have  already discussed it  and we think it would be a great opportunity because a lot of students  are  very keen  on going .
I know that it  involves  a change  but  I have thought about it. On Monday we could first go to the  Science  Museum and in the afternoon to Greenwich. Then we could go sightseeing by bus on Wednesday after  lunch . I think there is no need to go shopping because we can do our shopping in Cambridge  .
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Who would like to be famous?
 Do you dream  of being a  star ? It must be wonderful when you have a lot of money and everybody seems to know you.  But is it really ?
I think the main problem is that you would lose your private life. That's the price you have to pay nowadays. But you need all the journalists to become famous so the only way is to accept that there are journalists and that they are just doing their job.
No one told you to be famous. If you are famous ,  it was your choice and therefore  it  is  the  price  you have  to pay. Of course you have fame and  poverty . But then everyone will recognise you when you are walking  (on*/in)  the street.
To sum up ,  I think   if you  are   well known  you have to deal with that. There's no other way.  Everyone  knows you because of the journalists ,  so  you  can't just ignore them, can you?
Dear Mr. Robertson,
As you are probably aware    our English class is going to spend three days in London. The programme has already been organized by you and I have to say you have  drawn up a very nice schedule for us . The river trip to Greenwich is certainly something we are all looking forward to, but  because of  the London Fashion and Leisure show, my class  have asked  me to  suggest  a change in our schedule.
This show consists of a big fair in the Central Exhibition Hall in which we will have the opportunity of seeing the latest releases  (on*/in)   sportswear , make up    and  hairstyles. I believe it could be an enriching experience for all of us. We would  have  fun,  meet  the locals and  practise  our English at the same time. Furthermore, we would be speaking English outside school.
The event will take place on Tuesday, 14th of March, so instead of going to the Science Museum and then going shopping, we could spend the day visiting the show. Our free time on Wednesday could be spent  (in*/at)  the  museum .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Best Detective Stories  (of*/by)  Agatha Christie
Dear Sarah,
I'm sorry it took me so long to  write back to you , but I have  been  very busy lately .  Anyway,  (on*/in)  your last letter you asked me whether   Best Detective Stories  (of*/by)  Agatha Christie would be  a good present or not  for your cousin. Well, having read the book before, I can say it would be a great idea!
You told me your cousin likes suspense books and stories, the ones  in which  you keep trying to figure    out who is the killer. Agatha Christie's stories just couldn't be more suitable for your cousin.  Especially  because there isn't just one story, but a whole lot of them. Personally speaking, I think they selected the best ones to be published.
Now, tell me more about you. Are you already on  holiday  ?  My school has finished, but I'll need to sit a big exam at the end of this month so that I can go  (into*/to)   college . My parents and I will spend our holidays in Australia and I just couldn't be happier! I just can't wait to go abroad for the first time!
I think that's all about it. Write soon.
Merry Xmas and  Happy  New Year!
Love
Dear Mr Robertson,
I wanted to thank you for allowing us to have this great opportunity to  visit  London.
I have read the programme and I find it very appealing,  especially  because of the River trip to Greenwich. However, I have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and I was wondering if we could visit it. The show is going to be at the Central Exhibition Hall  on  the 14th of March from 10.00 to 19.00.  There will be shown  the latest fashions,  leisure-  and  sports-wear , some  make-up  and also different hairstyles. The students are  admitted  free so we won't have to pay for the visit.
We all think this is a great opportunity to learn more about  daily London  life and what people like to wear.
I suggest visiting the London Fashion and Leisure Show on Tuesday morning and  visiting  the Science Museum on Friday afternoon.
We all hope you  will  consider our suggestion.
Yours Sincerely,
Almost everyone hates other people  gossiping   (in*/about)  their private  lives . It's a natural  reaction  to be angry with somebody you don't trust for gossiping  about you  and  bothering your personal thoughts . So I think famous people, no matter if they are politicians or  film  stars ,  don't deserve  to be  followed by journalists every time they are trying to have a good time.
I  think  that  the   journalists'  only aim is money,  because  they know that if they  publish  famous people's private  lives  they  will  earn  lots  of money selling the magazine or the newspaper. But they don't consider the problems the  rumours  may  cause  the famous family or couple. Sometimes the  journalists'  aim isn't the money: there are some journalists who may try to spoil  a  politician's or film star's career only because they are jealous.
In conclusion, no matter    what the  journalist's  aims are, famous people deserve to have their problems, their affairs, their private  lives  just as normal people  do .
Dear Mr Robertson , 
It is a pleasure to write to you and we want to  thank   you  for organising a school trip to London. We have seen the programme    and we all think it will be enjoyable.  Especially to  the science museum because we  are  all doing science in school.
Recently, some students have seen an  advertisement  about a fashion and leisure show in London.  It  will be on the 14th and we all want to go. So, it would be  great  if you  could  give us this opportunity to watch the show.
This is a great opportunity to learn something  new  because most of us have not been to this kind of show  and  it is free for students.  It  will be incredible if we have a chance to watch the show. So could you give us permission to go?
We  can also  suggest how the  original  programme can be changed. We will have free time on Wednesday afternoon. So we can  go  shopping instead. Then, we can go to the show during that period . 
We are all looking forward  (for*/to)   your  answer.
 sincerely 
12-12-00
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it , because  there was a man  who   had had  a serious car accident and I was walking  past  him. Nobody had noticed him because it happened at night and the car had actually crashed into the bushes.
I was thinking 'what should I do?' I  hadn't  got my mobile phone with me  and  I was  halfway  between my school and home. At that time he was  unconscious  .  I kept asking myself ' Should  I wake him up or try to use my  dubious  first aid  skills  to  help  with him. "  I was struggling because I knew if I didn't help him, he would die in a short time.
I decided to do something  (to*/for)  this man . My  first move was to check  whether   there was  any solid or liquid which could  have blocked  his  airways . And  I   checked  his  body condition . After that I turned on the  car's   lights  in order to  warn  the passing cars.
I ran back home for help. I phoned     the  police  and  told  them  the whole story.  A  strange thing happened to me, when I got back to that man. The car and the man were not there anymore. Where could they be? I was wondering.
Oh, sorry they were not  (in*/on)  this road . They  were  (in*/on)  the  next  road.
Dear Mr Robertson,
On behalf of our class I would like to give you some information about the London Fashion and Leisure show   that we saw advertised and we are interested  in    . In addition we would like to thank you  (about*/for)  the programme.
Firstly, I would like to give you some details about this show. It will take place in  the  Central Exhibition Hall, in London, on Tuesday  the  14th of March and  the suitable time  will be 10.00 - 19.00
I would like to mention that  on  this day we are going to visit the Science Museum in the morning and after we are going    shopping, so I believe it will be a good  chance  for all of us to attend this show as it is free for students! The most important thing is that the time that the show starts is perfect and is  compatible  as well with our programme because  (until*/by)  19:00 I think that everyone will have finished their shopping.
Secondly, I would like to give you more details about the show and particularly  about  what    it  includes . The latest  fashions  will be on show and also the Leisure and sports wear. Really interesting! Moreover  all about the make up and the hairstyles . I think that  this show will be a great opportunity for all of us  while we are    in London. But   if there is a problem  because  the show is on Tuesday afternoon, the same  time   as   our shopping trip , I suggest  going     shopping on Wednesday afternoon  when  we will not have anything to do!
I look forward to your reply,
Yours sincerely,
Some people think that  being  a famous person is  a  very  exciting  thing, that all the time this makes you feel  complete  and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well.
I believe   that if somebody wants    fame and    glory  he  must be  totally   clear  about the results. For example,    politicians    have  chosen  their careers ;  they must know that  they are going to involved with everything that it has to do with publicity and their country  and the most important  thing  is that they have to realize that they should be extremely careful  (of*/about)  their movements or else they are going to have  a  bad reputation, and they will  not be   considered  trustworthy.
 Another  successful   career  such as, film stars must also be balanced . If somebody is a film star this  means  that  he  has got a different kind of life,  a  more comfortable, more interesting  life  but it doesn't mean that he or she can't be like normal people even if he or she is a star.
If somebody wants to be famous of  course   they  must be  on the top  and the mass media will be following him or her. But I think that  there  are limits. Everybody  deserves  to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer. It doesn't matter what kind of  career  or job you  have . You must control your behaviour and try not   implove   so much yourself. And finally the journalists    should know how to respect the private  lives  of everyone and not  try  to make money    by using the reputation of    famous people.
Dear Mr Robertson
Thank you for organising the trip to London. It is  really  fantastic ,  especially the  event  on 13th March ,   when  we are having a river trip to Greenwich. The  reason  that I am writing  is  that my class has seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It is worth visiting  the  exhibition and we would like to go there.
The show is  established  on Tuesday March 14th at  the  Central Exhibition Hall ,  London ,  from 10.00 to 19.00. In the hall, there are four important themes; latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up , and hairstyles. This is  a  great opportunity for the  students  to learn  about  the  changes  in fashion and leisure and it is free.
I was wondering if you would consider our suggestion about changing the programme. We  all agreed  that the programme on Monday March 13th is wonderful. However, we would like to change the plans on Tuesday and Wednesday in the morning. On Tuesday morning, we will visit the London Fashion and Leisure show instead of visiting  the  Science Museum and we will go there  the following  morning.  The visit   to   the  National Art Gallery should be cancelled because it  has a similar idea comparing to the programme that we would like to go on Tuesday morning .
That  is  all I would like to recommend you  do .  I  would be  grateful  if you could consider our suggestion and please inform us  (about*/of)  your decision as soon as possible.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
The discussion about whether or not    famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time is  a  controversial one. There are people from both  sides  of  the   argument  who have strong feelings.
There is  a reason why  these people's  lives  should be  focused on  by the media. Obviously, they have a lot of fans and their fans would like to know what  happens  to them. In addition, their  lives  may be  a  good example for other people to follow.  Sometimes ,  a lot of  people don't know what to do and they should  imitate the person who they admire .
However, there  are   some  disadvantages that we should consider. Firstly,    famous people would like to do anything they want  to  without being  focused on  by  the  media. I think it  would   be  annoying if you did something and tomorrow your  behaviour  would be known by the public.  Even though ,    famous people can be  a  good example, they  should be the bad habit for public . A lot of people try to be like people who they admire,  for  example, buying the clothes that famous people wear. The reason  why  they know what kind of clothes    famous people wear is these people have a public life. To  prevent   a lot of  people from copying too much we shouldn't inform  them of  all aspects of  the  life of famous people.
I agree that    famous  people's   lives  should be    private. It is  of  benefit  (for*/to)  themselves and the public.
Dear Mr Robertson,
With reference to our trip  (in*/to)  London,  on behalf of  all of us,  the  English class in this college, we would like to thank you for your special  attention  in     organising  a good programme to  learn about   the  interesting and cultural  places  in London.
We have been very excited about this and  coincidentally  we have found another option to add  (in*/to)  our programme, certainly if  you  agree with  it . We  thought  that The London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main  transformations      nowadays  in England  concerning   fashion ,  leisure , sports and  lifestyle .
However ,   it is  your decision     to change   our programme a little bit  . We  would suggest just  not going shopping on Tuesday afternoon ,  and  everything else could stay the same. We are really satisfied  (in*/with)   the  sightseeing by bus,  and   (in*/with)   going  to the National Gallery, but the whole class would like to go to The London Fashion  Show  and  it  will be free.
We are looking forward to your answer.
Yours sincerely.
I knew, I could die.
It was dangerous, but I  knew  I had to do it. This sad and unlucky day was on Friday 1998,  but  it wasn't 13th even it look  like   it , but it was my 25th birthday. Everything was going so  badly  and I knew, I could die.
Unfortunately, I've got a brother who likes to live in  a  dangerous and  poor  way and I don't know how, but he  was able to  persuade me to go with him to get some drugs,  (in*/on)  my 25th birthday. I was at home  putting my makeup on  before  going  to a restaurant with my friends and,  suddenly , he rang the bell . He  was so  tense  with a gun in his hands and  I could no longer speak  . He  took me out with him.
I had tried to think  (in*/about)  stopping him, but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to  scare  me and he forced me to buy  cocaine  using my cheques. I didn't want  to ,  because  I've never  approved   of  his  drug dealing , but I couldn't do it  differently .
The dangerous man who we'd gone to buy drugs  off  was upset with my brother and had decided to kill him, but I had killed him first. If I didn't do it, I knew I would die . My  option was my life, but now I haven't  a  chance to live because I'm in    prison.
Dear Mr Robertson,
The reason  (of*/for)  my letter   is that our class would like to suggest a few changes  (on*/to)  our programme  (of*/for)  London, because we have seen an advertisement about an interesting activity that we could include in our programme.
First of all, we want to say thanks to you because we know the effort you have  made  organising  this   excellent  programme, but we would really like to go to the London fashion and leisure show we saw in the advertisement. We think that perhaps  (in*/on)  Tuesday March 14   we could change the time  when we   go  to  the  Science Museum, and    go  to the Museum earlier ,  perhaps at  half past eight  (on*/in)  the morning, so we could go  later , at ten o'clock ,  to the show, and we could also delay going shopping on that afternoon, because the show lasts  till  seven o'clock  (on*/in)  the evening. And we  thought  that we could go shopping the next day, because we  do not have anything  to do on that afternoon.
Finally, we would like to  ask  you to think about our suggestion . The  show would be fantastic . We  would  learn  about the latest fashions,    Leisure and sports wear, and also learn about how to  make up . It's a great opportunity to  learn  more about fashion. Please, let us go to the show,  because  students are  admitted  free.
I Look forward to hearing from you . 
Yours sincerely
I think that the home of the Future would probably be better than  a home  is now.
In the future, our homes will  incorporate  the most advanced technologies.  Computers  will  play   an  important part in our daily life, so that we won't go shopping, because  via  the computer we  will be able to buy  whatever we want. Books will gradually disappear, and instead we will read all the things we want  (in*/on)  our computer. We won't have  any   need      to leave     home, because  the  computer will give us everything.
Although computers will give us all the material things,  they   will  not give us things like the feeling of being in your home,  have , etc.  Those  things won't change in our home. We will live in our homes with our family, who will give us love ...   that kind of  thing  will never change.
In conclusion, in the future home our  living conditions  will  improve , and  the  computer will be very important for us, but  it  won't control us, because we still have the most important thing  (of*/in)  a home  = have  . That  will be the same as now.
Dear Mr Robertson
First of all I would like to thank you for the good programme you  have organised  for our trip to London.  The sightseeing by bus, in particular  ,  seems to be very interesting.
But we would like to  suggest something to you :  there  is a trendy event about the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear ,   make-up  and hairstyles ,  on the 14th of March. It is called  " The London Fashion and Leisure Show." This would be a great opportunity  for   us  because we are all  interested  in clothes, sports and fashion. I  almost forgot  to mention that it is free for students! Unfortunately we  have noticed  that on the 14th we  are already visiting  the Science Museum. The show lasts nine hours, from 10.00-19.00, the whole day! Our question now  is :  could  we go to this show? We could maybe change Tuesday's programme to Wednesday. We  would all prefer   to go   to  the show ;  free time is not so important for us.
Please think about this and give us an answer. Thanks.
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Jack
Thanks a lot for your letter. I am fine but quite busy because I have my German exams. Therefore I read Agatha Christie's  " Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie". I can really  recommend this book to you  . It  is fabulous. It is also a suitable present for your cousin, I think. One story is about ten  people  who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island. There is a storm and they  cannot  leave. Suddenly a  murder   takes place ! Believe me, you would never guess who the killer is! There is also Hercule Poirot, the famous detective ,  and he finally solves the  mystery . But I will not tell you  any  more. You have to read it yourself. And if your cousin likes crime stories it is a perfect book!
Unfortunately it is quite expensive, £32. But do not worry about the price because your cousin will love it!
Okay, I hope to have news from you very soon. Have a good time.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Mr Robertson
I am writing on behalf  of  my English class.
We have just  seen  the programme you prepared for our three-day trip to London.
Thank you very much for  the  many interesting  positions  in this schedule, especially the river trip to Greenwich, which, we are  sure , will be very exciting.
I would like to inform you   that we have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and  Leisure  Show" and we have found it very interesting. There will  be  a lot of  show for instance  latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles. I would like to say that it is very important for us to be there and it could be  a  great opportunity, because    entrance is free for students. The  event  is planned  (on*/for)   the  14th of March between  10.00 and 19.00.  If it is possible we would like to ask you to change your programme. We  would  be able to visit the Science Museum on  Wednesday  afternoon. We have checked that it is open every day. As you know we are the best students in our school and it would be  a  nice  reward  for our work during this year.
I would  be  grateful if you  would  consider our suggestions.
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours   sincerely 
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. It was night and I was alone in my house.
Suddenly I heard a  noise  from my garden and I wanted to know what it was, but it was impossible to  do it .
The outside lights were  broken  and I couldn't see anything.
My dog was very angry. I was  afraid  that someone was near my house and wanted to get  (to*/into)  my house.
After a few minutes I heard steps near my  kitchen  window.
I was very  frightened , but I knew   that I  had to do  something. I had no time to call  anyone  and I had to go to my kitchen to  see  what it was.
I stood against the window and I started to listen. I was  sure  there  was  someone on the other side of the wall.
It was terrible .  I thought that it was the last day of my life.
Suddenly someone broke my window. I had no time to think .  I  grabbed  one of the pots and hit him  (in*/on)  his head. One moment later I called  the  police.
He was a thief, who  had been  looked for for many years.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I'm writing to you to thank you for the programme you have organised. All  the  students are very pleased and we are looking forward to  going  to London. We know we are going for  only  three days, but we'll have enough time to  see  one of the  biggest   cities  in the world.
London is the place to be  because   there is  always something happening.
We  are  all very happy with your programme,  we especially  like the idea of  going  sightseeing by  ourselves  and  visiting the  National Art Gallery.
The students in my class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show,  and  we would like to ask you if  it  is possible to make some changes  (in*/to)  the programme . 
The show is on Tuesday    14th between 10.00    and  13.00. We think  it  is  a  great opportunity to see  the  latest  fashions ,  and  find  out  about  make-up  and hairstyles. And all of it is free .  According to your programme ,  we have the  Science  Museum which is in the morning and then shopping. Would it be possible to go to the Museum and then  go     shopping in our free time ,  which is on Wednesday?
All  the  students  would  be very  grateful  <NS type="M"></NS>.
 Yours   sincerely 
I think for all of us home is something which is    very important. Home sweet home. We call home the place where we live or the country where we come  from .
Anyway home is always the place to go because  it  is ours ,  we feel  safe  and comfortable  there . Home sweet home.
After hard work ,  we want to go home to have our corner where we are    able to rest and relax.
I think in the future home might be just the place to go to sleep.
We live in  a  very busy world! Working long hours, doing plenty of  activities , going out, going on holidays. We  don't even  spend time with  our  families.  Probably  in the future we  may  be  too  busy to go to our own home and spend some time there.
But  (in*/at)  the end of the day it  will always  be  the  place to go! We find our family there and our life. Some of us have been living in  the   same  house since  we  were born. We are sentimental and we have  memories  from the past. I think it's a part of our life.  
Dear Mr. Robertson , 
I'm writing  to  you  on behalf of  all the  English  class in order to let you know how  excited  we are about the trip to London and to give you some ideas of other things we are  interested   (on*/in)  doing in London while we're there.
First of all, we'd like to thank you for the programme you  have already arranged  . It's  wonderful   because it covers most of our  interests . But also we would like to visit The London Fashion and Leisure  Show  that will be held at the Central  Exhibition   Hall  on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00 - 19:00. So we suggest  doing   things  this way on Tuesday 14 :  in the morning go to the Science Museum and ,  instead of shopping, we could attend the London Fashion  Show , because  there  will be the latest  fashions , leisure  wear  ,      sportswear ,  make-up , and hair styles, and as you know   , we love all those topics, and it's a great opportunity while we are  in  London.
Thank you for your time .     We're looking forward to hearing from  you   soon .
 Yours sincerely 
IT WAS DANGEROUS, BUT I KNEW I HAD TO DO IT ...BECAUSE
 I had always wanted   to travel  abroad and  experience   other  people's  lives  and cultures, so I decided to go to Paris as soon as I finished university.
I arrived in Paris  (for*/on)  New  Year's  Eve 2000 without a place to stay, not speaking any French, alone and with a  small  amount of money. But  in spite of  all of these  disadvantages    , I was  pursuing  my dreams and objectives and  in spite  of everything I was going to do it.
So suddenly, a week later I found  myself  a job as an au pair, taking care of two little girls that only spoke  French  at that  time . It took me three months to  learn  the  language  and  (after*/by)  this time the whole  family   had fallen  in love with me,  so  that when they decided to move to London, they invited me and now we all live here and I feel like part of the  family ,  even though   it  was very hard at the  beginning .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing  to  you  in connection with  our next programme in London from 13th March to 14th March. First  (at*/of)  all, it is a pleasure to say that the programme which you so kindly have prepared is very interesting, especially the visit to the National Art Gallery on Wednesday.
On the other hand, our class has recently  seen  an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show ,  which takes place during our visit to London, on Tuesday 14th. This show is a good opportunity to  learn about  the latest fashions in several  areas  ,  like  make-up ,  hairstyles  and leisure and sports wear. We think that it could be a great chance    to  learn about  British fashion and probably it would give us good information for improving our studies.
We would like to know if it  would  be possible to introduce a little change in our programme. Our question is: instead of going    shopping on Tuesday, in the afternoon, could we go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show?
I hope you will consider our suggestion. I look forward to hearing your reply.
Yours sincerely,
Classroom 5
 What will our future homes be like? 
Believe it or not, our lives are changing and becoming more complicated every day. The reason  (of*/for)  all of this    is the  impressionable  introduction of the "new technologies", such as  computers ,  the  Internet or WAP technologies.
Of course,  these  new  technologies  will be introduced at home. Now, it is already possible to  send our shopping list  by    computer, and this   option  , in the next  few  years, will become the most common  one .
The new technologies  will probably  produce a  considerable  revolution in some  essential  parts of the house. For example, we will have     computerized  ovens, microwaves and freezers, or we will probably have    central heating  controlled  through  the  Internet from our office.
Despite all of  these  facilities, there are some home activities that will remain the same, fortunately. Who  doesn't  like to prepare a cup of  tea  with traditional kettles, waiting for the  water to boil ? And to read the newspaper at breakfast instead of watching TV?
Some pleasures must be untouchable! We are human beings  at least , not "new technological" machines!
Dear Mr Robertson:
Firstly, I'm very glad to hear from you. Thank you for  organising  the programme for our class .  I think you  have thought   a long time about     how  we should  study during  these  three days. We have seen your programme, and like all of those <NS type="MN"></NS>, especially the Science Museum . It  will  be  good for us to increase our knowledge, and so on.
Secondly, I wonder if you know  that the  "London fashion and Leisure  Show "  will be   held  on Tuesday  (in*/at)   the  Central Exhibition Hall. In other words, what they will  introduce    is  very   interesting to  us .   I mean it's conflict  with your plan . What  a pity!
All of us want to go to the show . The  generation who are the same  age   as  us all like  make-up ,  become beautiful , and it's important that it will  be  free for students and just be  showed   for  one day. So, we don't want  to miss  this chance.
Finally, we would like to get your  permission  to go . Maybe  if it is possible that you  can  change your programme, we  can   go  to your college any time after Tuesday. We're sorry to  cause  you trouble.
We look forward to hearing from you again as soon as possible.
Best Wishes
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
This story  happened  two years ago. That was a very hot summer . All the  people in our city  liked  to swim in the river . Perhaps  they didn't think it was interesting if they  swam  in the pool. Personally, I'd like to say I was good at swimming. Not only  was I  a member of  the  swimming team in our school, but also I  had been   taught  by my father since I was five years old .  So I  had acquired  some skills and  learned  how to protect  myself  from my Dad,  if you had  an  accident .
One day, I passed by a river  in accident  .  I saw there were a lot of people playing in the river. Suddenly, I heard  a cry  of " Help , help" in  the  distance. In a  while , lots of  passersby   crowded   (to*/at)  the  riverside . To my surprise, nobody  went   in  to save that boy who was shouting,  but  just stood there, like lots of " champ ". I started  thinking  about it . After  all,  either had I  never  done this task before, or trained . I  was  just 15 years old. Finally, I jumped into the river .  I  really  knew that was dangerous, but I  didn't  think about anything except  "justify" this word . I also  really  hated those people who stood there all the time.
Thank goodness, I  succeeded     in   saving  that  struggling  child. When I  got to  the  river  bank, I saw some  red-faced .
 Dear  Mr Robertson , 
I am glad about  the   three-day  trip to London. I have seen your  itinerary  for the trip.  It  is really  interesting .
 My classmates and I  have seen  an  advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we really want to see that. This is the reason that I'm writing to you.
The show is  (in*/on)  14th March on  Tuesday .  That   is      the  second day of our trip and it starts at 10.00 in the morning  and lasts   until  19.00. My friends told me that if we wake up early on  Tuesday  we can go to  the  Science Museum  at  about 8.00 in the morning. Your afternoon plan is  to go  shopping but we can do our shopping on Wednesday afternoon because we will have     some  free time on Wednesday.
I'd like to tell you something about the show. It is in  the  Central Exhibition Hall and it is free  (to*/for)  students. It is  a  great opportunity for us because when we go there we will  learn  about  the  latest fashions news, we will see leisure and sports wear, all the  new  make-up  designers ( especially for girls ) and different hairstyles.
We are also enthusiastic about  your  sightseeing  in bus  and  the  River trip to Greenwich on Monday and visiting     the  National Art Gallery on Wednesday.
I hope you will consider our suggestion about  the  trip.
Your student
Futuristic Designs Of People's Homes
Technology  is rapidly being improved . This  technological  improvement is changing people's  lives ,  behaviour  ,  even their homes. Can you imagine? What  will people's homes be  like in fifty  years'  time?
I guess there will be more  gadgets  to  make     housework easier. Maybe there will be some robots to do our  ironing ,  wash  our dishes,  clean  everywhere,  hoover , etc. Will it make life easier? Maybe yes, maybe no. Of course these gadgets will do our hard  housework  but  otherwise  we will get lazy, we will lose  the   skills  that we have now.
Now IT (information technology) is  in  our life. We can get everything we want to know from computers. It means we  don't need  to go  anywhere  to get  the  information we need. We'll be stuck to our computers at home. Whatever we need we order  via      the  computer and someone will bring  it . It means we'll lose our social  life .
But we can't stop     these   technological   improvements . We should use  them  in  positive  ways. When people use    technology they should know that  it  is not everything. They should seek     another   life  outside their homes.
I guess that with technology people will  spend much more of their life  in their homes. It doesn't seem  right to me . Our homes should just protect us  from   dangers  from outside. But I believe  humans  will never forget what they used to be.
Mankind has  always been  seeking different things.  We are  learning a lot of things about life   and we are   practising   these  things . In the future life will be more  artificial  than  it   was    .
 Our homes will probably  be smaller than now , because   the  human population is growing quickly and people prefer to stay  in  big cities (like London, New York, Paris). It means there will be too many people in small areas. Then  they  will  build  smaller houses, flats, buildings, etc. Outside big cities there won't be any people at all.  Those  areas will just  be used  for agriculture.
Beyond the near future  maybe  our homes will be  in  outer space . They  will be     spaceships . We'll travel around    space. It is just an  idea .
We live in  a   changing  world. Like everything our homes will change as well.
1/3/2000
Dear Mr. Robertson.
I'm a student in  an  English class which  is  going to spend three days in London (13th-14th March) and I'm  the   student representative  from my class <NS type="M"></NS> to  thank  you  (about*/for)   the  programme that you've  already  organised for us. It's really wonderful ,  especially the River trip to Greenwich. We feel  we  can't wait until that time.
However, the students in my class   have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show ,  which will be on 14th March between 10.00 to 19.00 at the Central Exhibition Hall, London. The show has many interesting  parts  such as  the  latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and Hairstyles and we are all agreed that it's a great opportunity for us because most of us are going to study  on a  Fashion and Design course    next term and the other students are also  interested  in new  fashions . So we think that it will be useful for all of us.
Anyway, we still want to go to the Science Museum and  to shop  as well but we think we can go shopping on the last    afternoon of our trip. So we will have  some  free time on the afternoon of the 14th March and we can spend this time  enjoying  the show. I'm also  including  the show's leaflet on the back of this letter. What do you think about this plan?
I'm looking forward to   seeing   your programme.
I believe that everyone in this world  has  curiosity.  We  always want to know about others'  lives  ,  especially the famous  -     even the  ones  that we hate. But we have to accept that everyone has their private life . For  example ,  when we get married or when  a  policeman  stops  us on the highway, we don't want any stranger  to notice     what is happening to us.
Famous people are also    normal people like us . Just  because their  jobs are known  by  everybody , it doesn't mean that we can invade their privacy. They also want to have  some  special time with their family or their friends. It's not fair for them to have journalists following them and  taking  their photographs ,  and some journalists write     reports  that  are  not true. We also can't deny that the journalists' job is to know what's going on with these famous people. But it doesn't mean that they have to follow these stars all the time . They  should give them some privacy.
On the other hand, these stars should accept that they are famous people so everyone wants to know about their life. The best way is  if  they, the famous stars and the journalists,    compromise and respect each other's rights.
Dear, Mr Robertson , 
I am writing to ask  for  some information about the programme which our class would like to join. There are a few questions which I have  asked myself .
First of all,  would  you give me an explaination about the London fashion and Leisure show? We  think  that the show might be  a  great opportunity for    most of us who are interested in fashion and leisure.
In addition, I would like to get your suggestion  about  how  the  programme could be changed on the  second day  of the trip   so that we could enjoy going to both  the   Science  Museum and the London fashion and leisure show.
I am  grateful   to  you for offering a well-organised programme, especially, the London fashion and leisure show which is difficult for us to take part in.
I am looking forward to getting your reply.
 yours  sincerely.
In the middle  ages ,  nobody  expected to have     electrical  goods which  would   help  to do housework.
It made  women     free from drudgery, so that they could utilize time for improving themselves.
As  a  result, we can observe that the  homes  of the present have a lot of machines which make home like a factory.
By contrast,  in  the future, I guess we would rather go back to the  ancient   time, owing to have natural life style.  We will be unwilling to give    housework away.
Being at home    doing housework, taking care of their children, might be  the  purpose of the future life.
Dear Mr Robertson
I am writing  on behalf of  the whole class. First of  all , I want to thank you for the interesting programme   which you  have already  organised. It is very good, especially the  sightseeing  tour by bus.
However, we  saw  an advertisement in yesterday's newspaper for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It takes place on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00 at Central Exhibition Hall in London. There we  will be able to  see everything  connected with  the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles.  Entry  for  students  is free.
This is a great opportunity because as you know most people  (of*/in)  our class are going to work in this sector so it  would be  very interesting for everybody and also a kind of education.
Instead of going to the Science Museum on Tuesday morning ,  we thought we could postpone it to Wednesday afternoon. The shopping could be done after the river trip to Greenwich but only if we have enough time.
I hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not  hesitate  to contact me.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Will the home of the future really look different? It's quite difficult to say, but of course there will be     changes .
For example ,  if you look back  (into*/to)  the forties and compare     homes   then  with nowadays ,  you can see that  they   have  become more modern, especially the  equipment  in the kitchen and in the  living room .
 In  the future it  is possible  that you  won't  have to prepare your breakfast     yourself    , perhaps you  will just have  to press a button when your alarm clock has gone  off . In addition to this ,  you may have some  robots  bringing the newspaper  (at*/to)  the table, tidying up the house,  and  doing the shopping .   Maybe  they  will also be  your  life   partners .
The place to spend the night will still be the bed. The  living room  won't  see  any big changes ,  although    televisions, stereos and videos will become more modern and perhaps more  complicated .
In general we can  see  the huge  changes  we  have already had , but who knows exactly what the future will bring  (to*/for)  us?
Let's have a surprise . 
Dear Mr. Robertson
First of all, I want to thank you  on behalf of  the class for your  excellent   organisation  and programme,  and   especially  for the fact that you are giving us some free time. We really appreciate this.
However, we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. The show is on Tuesday the 14th of March, from  10 to 7 o'clock  in the Central Exhibition Hall.  The latest fashions in leisure and sports wear, make-up and hairstyles will be shown there .
This is a great opportunity for us, because we haven't  ever before been   (in*/to)  this kind of show. As well as this,    entrance for students is free.
As you can see this is the best time to go there. We have some suggestions about how to change the programme. Instead of visiting the Science Museum on Tuesday we could go there on Wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on Tuesday afternoon we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy  something there .
To sum up, this is a really great opportunity for us and I don't think that the changes are so big. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely 
 Man  is a being that  needs  to live close to other human beings and to create a society around  himself . As well as this he needs his own free space and privacy. This is also  as  important to him as friendship and family . 
In our society some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press , just  because they are famous and well known to a high number of other people. The newspapers print everything about them. The  yellow press  is searching for every little  bit of  information they can get. The photographers are chasing these people   just to take a picture of them  to show  how they eat or with  whom   they   meet . The photos will be  (on*/in)  tomorrow's press and so rumours are born.
On the other hand  these  people have  chosen  to walk    this path. Everything in life has a price. The price for fame and money is the  loss  of privacy. First of all you have to give up something     to get  something else.
However, the press shouldn't create rumours and hunt those people like animals. As well as this, the stars shouldn't  complain  at any time about their fans and their  loss  of privacy. They wanted to be famous and  they   knew  the price  beforehand . The fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I am writing  to  you to thank  you  for your  programme  which  will be for us in  the next three days in London.  In particular , sightseeing by bus in the morning and  the  river trip to Greenwich in the afternoon are exciting activities.
 Your   programme   (of*/for)  Tuesday is very interesting. Fortunately, there is the London fashion and leisure show ,  which is held once a year. This show  would  give us a lot of  information  about current activities, fashion and what is  happening  here in London  with  ,  for example ,   the   latest  fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up ,  and  hairstyles.
It is a great opportunity because we will be able to learn  about   London  culture. We can be part of this show and be up to date with style and fashion.
The admission is free for students. The show starts at 10.00 and finishes at 19.00 so we can change our afternoon  programme   to allow us  to go to the show at  the  Central Exhibition Hall instead.
If you agree, after  the  Science Museum, we can have lunch at  a  restaurant near the  museum , then we  can  go directly from the restaurant to  the  Central Exhibition Hall. We will be on time for the second show at 13.30 P.M and we can enjoy the show until 19.00 P.M.
 I am  looking forward to hearing your opinion  (on*/about)  my suggestion.
 Yours  sincerely,
The Home of the Future
"Home" has so much meaning  (to*/for)     people. It doesn't  matter  who they are, where they  come  from,  what   colour     skin they have.
Home is  an  institution that  creates   humans  and  makes  them        people  and    good  members   (in*/of)  their communities.
When I think of "the Home of the Future" ,  I want to have a home which is built with a new material.  If we had a home  made out of plastic  and  also windows made out of plastic    we  could  have our home for a long time.  If the  door    is broken, we can replace it  quickly  and it is not expensive when it is plastic.
We have more time to stay together at home, watching TV, playing games, etc.... because we can access     the   Internet  at home . We  can have all  the   information  from  the   Internet . I think it is the best  means  of education and working when we can stay and learn or work from home. We have more time for the family ,  who  mostly need  care and love.
 There  will be a  number  of Developments in Technology in the future, which  could  make our life easier to live but what should remain the same is  the  feeling of being together and love.
 These  2 feelings  cannot  be replaced by any Technology but we can use them to make a better home  (of*/in)  the future.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I would like to say "thank you" for this  plan for a trip to London . We are really excited about it , especially  the boat trip on  the  river . This  is a good idea because we all want to see Greenwich. We also  like  the idea of going to the National Art Gallery and sightseeing by bus. It seems it's going to be    great fun.
I do not know if it is possible to make any  changes   (in*/to)  this plan but we saw an ad in "Time Out" magazine last week about a fashion show which we would like to see. The show's date is very  convenient  - March 14 -, and it is on  in   the  Central Exhibition Hall so I do not think it would be a problem to get there.
As you know, we all come from different countries and we are keen     to learn  some other things about English culture besides the language itself.  Attending  this fashion and leisure show, we will get the chance to see a lot of enjoyable and different things, such as new hair styles and  make-up    , or what  what the fashions in London are   at the moment .
Briefly, we would be happy if we could see this show instead of the Science Museum. We can find another  time  to go to the Science Museum  (in*/on)  any other day, but this show is just  (for*/on)  this Tuesday. Also, it's free for students. I hope   it  won't  cause a  problem  to change the programme. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Although  humans   are     social  creatures , all people need an area  in which they   can   be   apart  from other people. This is essential to renew the energy which is necessary for daily life. Also we all like to have some special things and people in our lives to help us to feel different from others. It can be a lover, a hobby or a habit.
Thinking about famous people, we generally tend to ignore this need. I believe this feeling  sources from a strange though ; when somebody gets famous, whatever the job is they do, we think we have some kind of right over them. Consequently we demand to know every single detail about them and their lives.  The press  takes this demand as an order, and "but  the  public wants to know" becomes a nightmare for famous people.
In fact, what is a need for ordinary people is a more important need for famous people. Because they have to spend  so  much time in front of other people, they are even more sensitive about their privacy. I am  quite  sure    that  even the ones   who have chosen their  occupations  just to be famous, don't like to be  photographed  when they believe they are alone. The situation  must  be much worse for the ones who have become famous without desiring  it .
Obviously, there is no point in saying "famous people have a right to their own  lives ." Although this statement is  absolutely  true, it seems there is no way to stop public attention, so they will  have   to keep  living with journalists.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Thank you for  the  effort   which you have made to organize this  three-day   programme  in London and I am sure that we will have a great time there ,  especially in the National Art Gallery.
Nevertheless, the students in my class have some suggestions for you  concerning  how to make it even more interesting. The thing is that we have seen an  advertisement  for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It will be held in  the  Central Exhibition Hall in London on Tuesday, 14th of March, from 10.00 to 19.00. Naturally, all the students are interested in it because the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles will be shown there.  Furthermore , students can enter free!
We are concerned that this is a great and the  unique  opportunity for us to see this show, as it takes place only once a year and only in London. Certainly, we do not refuse to take part in other activities in London. Probably, you will agree    to  put   the  London Fashion and Leisure Show instead of  the  Science Museum and shopping on Tuesday.
Thank you for your  attention  and understanding.
Yours sincerely
The Home of the Future
Dear Reader,
I have decided to describe my home of the future or, in other words, the place where people will live in 100 years.
Well, I suppose that almost everything in  our  future house will be automatic and will  respond  to what people say. Perhaps, there will be personal computers   which will control  everything , every item of  furniture , light, temperature. Moreover, they will be able to create a special climate for each room. But, on the other hand, people will still have to  programme  them, as they have to do nowadays. Maybe children will not have to go to school, they  will just  stay in their rooms and study  (from*/on)   a  computer,  gaining  some kind of on-line education. All the rubbish, dust, dirty dishes, plates,  cups  will be  washed   automatically . It is possible that only one computer will do  all this  and it will have its own personality, voice, eyesight..
This will be your home, another member of your family and your house or flat  as well .
This is my  vision  of the Home of the Future and I wish I could live in it.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to tell you that the students of my class have seen an  advertisement   (about*/for)   the  London Fashion And Leisure Show.
First of all I would like to thank you for making such a good plan   for us, so we  can  have a good time. Then I would like to explain to you     the  London Fashion and Leisure Show. Finally  I would like to describe  how the programme could be changed.
The London Fashion And Leisure Show is taking place in  the  Central Exhibition Hall in London and  happens  on Tuesday March 14 , from  ten o'clock in the morning till seven o'clock in the  evening . The reason that I suggest that we go is that it is a great opportunity because we can see the latest fashions,  in  leisure and sports wear as well as  make-up  and    hairstyles. In addition to  this  we will not have to pay anything since it is free for students.
I suggest that we should  move  our visit to the Science Museum  (on*/to)  Wednesday afternoon  in our free time that we have . I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
It was dangerous, but I had to do it. I did not have any choice since my brother was in trouble. I had to become a  burglar  again and steal  jewellery  from the  jewellers   nearby .
As I knew the  techniques  to break  (in*/into)  a place without being noticed, I should not  have been  afraid but tonight I had to steal the most precious diamond in the country ,  which was very well  protected .
When I got close to the shop, I checked if anyone was around and luckily  nobody was . Then I approached  the door slowly , broke the lock and opened the door. However, my adventure was not over yet. There were  lasers  all over the place,    which I had to be careful  (with*/of) .
Suddenly something went wrong . The  alarm was making  a  noise. I ran towards the diamond ,   grabbed  it ,  got out quickly,  and  ran out of the back door. By  chance  I saw a car waiting for me outside. I got into the car  and  gave the  jewellery  in exchange  (of*/for)  my brother, took him and left the place.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Thank you for the programme which you have organised  for  the three days in London. However, some students in our class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to have an opportunity to go to the show.
The show is  open  between ten and seven p.m on Tuesday, March 14 ,  at  the  Central Exhibition Hall in London.  The latest  fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles are expected to be displayed and studied. We  think  it    a great opportunity to touch a part of  the  latest cultures, which are concentrated and sharpened in London. In addition,     admission  for students is free.
Taking the programme and the show into consideration, we suggest that we  would  have time to go to the show in the afternoon on Tuesday. We suppose that  (in*/during)   our  free time on Wednesday we can find some time for shopping. We hope that you consider our suggestion.
Yours  sincerely ,
The ways of living are always changing.  There  is no doubt that  the  functions and structures of the home have been changing as well as that of  transformation, for example, have been . Thinking about the home of the future, first of all, nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies, which make house-keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for  a  convenient life. People may tend to  avoid    living in a large number of families in an expected small house in a city .
On the other hand, the bond between parents and children  is   unlikely  to change. People always need their parents, children and so on. The longer and  further  they live on their own, the more they may feel that they need a family.
New materials will  surely  change the home of the future in  many  ways.  It is just staff's around us improving and turning into new one.  Hopefully, the minds of people will stay peaceful and  gentle  in the future.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I'm  writing  this letter giving some opinions about the three days that the class will spend in London. I see that you  have  already organised the programme.
However, the students in my class have seen an advertisement for "the London Fashion and Leisure Show" and they would all like to go to the show. So I'm  writing  this letter, asking   if you can change the programme.
The London Fashion and Leisure show is a special event that is  organized  once a year . There  are the latest Fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and  hairstyles   -  all things that    young people  want  to see. There is a great opportunity to go there because    students need not pay  anything .
I'm suggesting how  the  programme could be changed. The fashion  show  starts at 10:00 am and ends at 19:00 p.m. and will be  held  on 14 March, so we can change the shopping with this event ,   which  is  held  in the afternoon, and  do  the shopping at night.  It  will be a great success!
 Yours  sincerely,
X teacher.
The Dangerous Mission.
"It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it"...
That was my situation at the  time .
The story had  begun  two days before...
"The Honorable men's group"  -  Dick, Nick and I    have  formed this group. Our mission was    to steal     women's panties .  I think that it was very stupid, but it  is  the most difficult thing that     man  can do. It  proves  our  bravura  to be a man. Our first  challenge  was stealing Dick's girlfriend's  panties , but  we  failed. And she broke up the relationship with Dick and we  came to   the  conclusion that stealing panties from young girls was very difficult. So we tried to  steal   adults'  panties. Nick and Dick could prove their  bravery  stealing    their mother's panties. I was the only one that couldn't  steal  any panties. So I decided to go to my  grandmother's  house and try to steal some panties. But she was a very angry woman.
"It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it", to prove my  bravery  to  everyone . I had quickly   entered    my grandmother's room and started to get some panties. I was very nervous  and  I forgot my shoes. Next day my  grandmother   came  and she gave my shoes to my mother.
That was the most dangerous mission of my life.
Dear Mr Robertson
Thank you for the good programme which you have organised. There is only one thing we don't agree with you  about , it is the <NS type="M"></NS> Tuesday 14 March.
We have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show   and we would all like to go to this show. It would be very special for us because we haven't seen  anything  like that before. There are four different shows. First there is a show with  the  latest fashions, after they show       leisure and  sportswear  and then there are the  make-up  and the hairstyles shows.
The show is not as expensive as the Science Museum because    entry  (of*/to)  the show is free for students.
You see, the programme  only has  to be changed on Tuesday morning. In the afternoon we go shopping    how you have organised    your programme. In our opinion   it is enough to go one time  (in*/to)  a museum and it is on Wednesday   .
Thank you in advance for your  trouble  . 
Yours sincerely
your English Class 4A
The Home of the Future
Now, we are in the  21st  century. Most of us live in houses or flats and it is  mostly  very comfortable. But in  what  kind of homes will people  live  in the future? What will be different and what  won't  change? We  will  need our imagination     to answer  these questions but we will never know the right answer.
I have  further  ideas .  In the  future , maybe in 2113, there will  be  houses like now but    with more technical things.  Life  at home will be  easier  because <NS type="M"></NS> a refrigerator which  fills   itself up  or a bathroom which  cleans  itself. So, people  won't  have to clean their houses because there  will be   a  machine for all  the   work .
But I think that people will  also  need a bed and a table with a chair. These things and a lot more  won't  change or  won't  be forgotten. So, I think   houses  will only  be more  modern  and more  practical  but not very different from our  homes  in the present.
This is my idea and we will see!
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to  you   about  your advertisement  (about*/for)  the "London Fashion" and "Leisure Show". Thank you for organising this  excellent  programme, especially the Leisure show, which  is  very  interesting   to  us. So all of our class would like to go to the show during  their  three days in London. But there is a problem which I hope you can solve.
 Concerning  your advertisement, we were pleased to learn that we can do some different activities in London, which  include     sightseeing by bus,  a  River trip to Greenwich,  visiting the  Science Museum and National Art Gallery  and  so on. The point is, The London Fashion and Leisure show will be fantastic.  (From*/At)   this  we can see the latest  fashions ,  imaginative   make-up  and hairstyles. What is more they are  the Leisure and sports wear , which we are keen on seeing   . In your advertisement, you  have  written "The show will be  held  in  the  Central Exhibition hall in London . It   runs  from 10 am to 7 pm on 14th March. " 
I think it is a great opportunity because I am sure we will enjoy ourselves. But I wonder if the timetable could  be changed , which  would  be perfect. As you know, all of us want to  join  the programme, so if some students go to  the  Science Museum, they will miss the wonderful show. For that reason, I suggest that you could change the activities. In my opinion, we  would be better going  to  the  show instead of  the  science museum and  shopping  . Also  we can go to  the  Science Museum on 15th March,    instead of  having some  free time in the afternoon.
I am sorry to  cause   you   inconvenience . I hope it doesn't  cause   any  trouble if you accept my suggestion.
I look forward to receiving your  reply  as soon as possible.
 yours  sincerely,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. Because.....
Last night, when I went into my house it was quite  silent . I felt there might be something  that   had  gone wrong. I found my parents sitting  in  an  armchair . I could see sadness in my father's eyes. My mother came over to me and said softly,  "  My  dear, your father's company has  just  gone bankrupt', then she couldn't help crying. When I  heard  this bad news, I was very depressed because father worked quite hard for his company. My father always remembered his  responsibility  was  to provide his workers with a good salary , which is the  aim  of his life.
So I must find    a  way      to help  my great father. One day, I suddenly  had  a good idea. 'Why not go to  the   stock  exchange?' I said to myself. Almost every day I  went     there and  researched  the exchange decline-line, which  gave  me lots of information   . Finally, I  decided  to join  in  the dangerous game, which  meant   losing  everything or suddenly  becoming   a  millionaire. With luck, I  won   by chance .
When I ,  with mixed  feelings  ,  went home I found my parents were  standing  at the door  looking     very cheerful. 'Surely it doesn't mean that they have learnt the exciting news?' I said to myself   . Much to my surprise, they told me in high  voices  that they never went bankrupt . They  wanted to give me  an  opportunity to do something impressive by myself. Now, they are both  proud  of me!
Dear Mr Robertson!
Thank you very much for  your   excellent  programme! We like it very much! But we would like to go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It is on Tuesday. We think   that you  would also  like to go there, when  you know   more about it .  The latest fashions will be shown there . Also, we will see leisure and sports wear.
We know   that you  want  to have another <unknown/> and  don't  know which one. If we go to the show, we will see many hairstyles. Maybe it'll help you choose. Also, you'll be glad to know   that for students it is free! So, we think   that it is very good    for you  and  for us.
So, we can change your programme a little bit  to the best one . On Monday afternoon we have the river trip to Greenwich, as you have written  (on*/in)  your programme. On Tuesday morning we go to the show and after that shopping. And on Wednesday morning we go to the  National Art Gallery ,  and  after that we can go to the Science Museum, in the afternoon.
Our class asks you to think about this programme. We're sure   that you  will like  it very much!
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. My best friend told me   she  had met   a  boy. She liked him very much. She was  talking  about him  all the  time. She told me   that he was  handsome , kind,  and   well-understanding  ( he understood her from a half of the word ); the main  thing  was he also liked her very much!
I  believed  everything she  told  me. And said just  be  careful. But  (in*/for)  three days she  didn't come  home. She disappeared! We called the police. They advised us to wait. But we couldn't just sit and wait! We had to do something.  (In*/After)  three days of  her disappearing  the phone  rang . I  picked up  the phone. Someone told me if I wanted to see my friend, I must  get  5000$ and  take   it   out   (to*/onto)  the street. I took  some   paper , put  it   (to*/into)   a  bag and without saying anything went to my friend to  get  something  that looked  like  a  gun. The friend gave me his toy  gun  and I  went   (to*/onto)  the street. There I saw a man and my friend. I showed the man   that I had a gun and money. I  was  surprised that he  believed  me. Of course, it was better for us. I gave him the bag ,  took  my   friend's  hand and we  ran  away. After that she told me   that the man was the boy    who  she  had met .
Don't believe everyone! Better check, if you are not sure!
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to you first of all to thank you  (about*/for)  the  excellent  programme that you  have given  us  (about*/for)  the trip  (in*/to)  London, especially for planning  a visit to  the science museum, which we believe is going to be very interesting.
However, we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to suggest  including  this  event  in the programme.
The show is going to be on Tuesday the 14 of March from 10.00 to 19.00 and we  find  it very interesting, because we will have the opportunity to see  mews , firstly about the latest fashions, secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about  make-up  and hairstyles.
In addition  (of*/to)  this, it is going to be a great opportunity for all of us, because for    students it is completely free.
We were thinking that  maybe  we can go early to visit the Science Museum and  then  go to the Central Exhibition  Centre , where the event is going to  take  place!
We really look forward to receiving your answer as soon as possible!
Thank you very  much !
 Yours  sincerely,
We have been talking for hours in our class about  the media's treatment of famous people .
Of course I must agree with the opinion of my  classmates : famous people, such as actors, singers or politicians, deserve to have a private life, but of course it is not always  like this !
 Most of  the time they have journalists following them everywhere   , looking for  a  great  story  or interesting pictures to put on the  front  page of the newspaper, and I don't think this is very nice, but  it  is the price that famous people have to pay, just  because  they are popular.
Anyway, this is not always  necessarily  a problem, but it can be a big thing for the famous person,  because   it   gets  people talking about him and  increases  his popularity.
In conclusion, I can say that this is not the  biggest  problem that the world has and -- it is not my problem  because  I am not famous!
Dear Mr Robertson,
First of all I would like to thank you  for  the chance to  make  such a gorgeous trip. We are really looking forward to visiting the city and going to the  museum  and  the   gallery . However, there is one point that we would like to change in the programme.
We are interested in visiting "The London Fashion and Leisure Show" during our  trip . The show is very interesting because we could see the latest fashion, hairstyles and  make-up , and also  the  leisure and sports wear. Furthermore  it  is totally free for students.
All  these   exhibits  are really important and exciting for us because, nowadays, fashion has a huge influence  (in*/on)  our lifestyle and we would like to know more about it.
We think that we could go there  on   the     14th of March, in the  evening , instead of going shopping. This one could be  moved  to  the  15th  in the  evening. It is also possible to go to the show in the morning but we    totally agree that we don't want to lose our visit to the Science Museum.
We truly  hope  you will consider our change. Please contact us if you have any question.
Yours  sincerely  , 
Almost everyone  relates  famous people with photographers, articles, money, fans   ... Normally, one  person's  dream is to be  rich and famous  but without that stuff  (of*/about)  being without privacy
Nowadays, there  are  a lot of people  who   live  only  (with*/on)  the money they get  (in*/from)   advertisements , reports about their last romance   ... but not everyone does the same  thing . On the one hand you find the ones that are  well known  and never talk about their  private life . They use the publicity  exclusively  for their work.
On the other hand,  there  are the ones that are also  respectable  but,  apart  from their  relations  with journalists because of their work, they really need to be constantly  sought  by photographers. I mean, they  enjoy  being the  focus  or the  centre of attention   (of*/for)  everyone, even though it means   seeing   their  lives .
 The media   moves  the world and famous people use  it  to improve their work, politicians for their  campaigns  and film stars to make  their latest movie famous . Nevertheless, sometimes  the media   disturbs  their  lives  in a wrong way.
 Dear  Mr. Robertson:
First of all our class would like to give you our special thanks  (about*/for)  the programme you gave us yesterday afternoon.
After reading the  whole   organized  programme, we all agreed about the sightseeing  tour  by bus around London ,   which  will give us the knowledge  (about*/of)  this fantastic city we  have all wanted  to  have  since  a long  time ago.
The main purpose of our letter  is  to explain about the London Fashion and Leisure Show. We found the  advertisement  in a local newspaper    and have been thinking it could be such a good opportunity, because the show consists  (on*/of)  these topics:
. Latest Fashions
. Leisure and sports wear
.  Make-up  . Hairstyles.
On the other hand, and the most important, it is free for students.
After    discussing  this , we want to suggest how we think the programme should be re-arranged. Instead of going to the science museum, we could go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show ,   which  is  open  on Tuesday,  March  14 ,  from 10 am to  7 pm . After that we could continue our trip as it  has  been arranged  already .
Yours  sincerely 
 The  Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie - Agatha Christie.
A good book should interest, amuse or teach the reader something.
Agatha Christie  has always been  my favourite writer. Not only because she's famous  and  wrote lots of books, but she knows how to introduce  characters   and  how to tell a good story  us though  deceiving   the readers.
One of her most interesting and famous  works  is a novel called "The Orient Express". It's a detective story, like all the stories written by her.  In other words  the story is  set  on a train  which    takes  a trip along  the orient. On the train, all the  passengers  seem to be involved in a crime.
This is such a  fascinating  story  and  it's the way Agatha Christie tells it. The  mystery  is  drawn out  until the last page of the book. I read it and I have really enjoyed it. It has been  a  fabulous experience so if anybody would like to read a good detective story, try  reading  Agatha Christie's detective story and you  won't  regret it at all.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing  (in*/on)  behalf of my  classmates  about the programme you  have  organised for us.
We all want to thank you for having  chosen  such good places in London. We are especially excited about the river trip to  Greenwich  which will be  (in*/on)  the first day.
I would particularly like to talk about the second day. We really  like  the programme, but we have seen an advertisement for  the  London  Fashion and Leisure Show  that will  take place  on  Tuesday  and we are very interested in  going . As you know our class  is  composed  (by*/of)  girls and it would be very exciting for us if we  could  have a look  (on*/at)  the latest fashions,  makeup  and so on.
Although we would like to visit the science museum, we can leave it to the next opportunity . What  we  suggest   doing  is  instead  of going to the museum in the morning we go to the Leisure  Show  and keep the afternoon programme the same.
We hope you accept this change   .
We are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
Yours sincerely,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
Last summer I went to  the   Amazon  on an expedition with  10 other  people :     a guide, a doctor, a scientist &amp; all the rest  of us   like  me were just curious.
We walked all day and  rested  in the evenings. We were not allowed to leave  our  tents during the night or until the day  started , because of the dangerous animals which  live  there. But for me it was the most exciting moment. One can be really amazed by the view.
One day at five o'clock in the morning I stepped out of my tent without  being  seen and started walking towards the river, because I  wanted   to take  some photographs of the  sunrise . The view  was taking  my breath  away  when suddenly something took my breath  away . It was a panther. I was petrified because it looked as  if   it  was very hungry. I knew I could not  make  any  movement  for my safety but I did and  (for*/to)  my surprise  it   ran  away.
Dear Mr Robertson,
 First , thank you for your programme. It is very  varied  and interesting. We all  like  it. But last week we  saw  an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. This presentation will show the latest fashions and    leisure and sports wear. We would be very  interested  in seeing     English  fashion. At this show we could see different new <NS type="M"></NS>  make-up  and hairstyles.
The event is a great opportunity because it is on the 14th of March and it is free for students. For  practical   information , this show  starts  at 10.00 and  closes  at 19.00. It will  be  in the Central Exhibition Hall in London. It is not too far and the  opening  hours  suit  us.
About the programme, we suggest  seeing  the show on the Tuesday morning and  afterwards   going  shopping. As far as we are concerned ,  we prefer  to see  the Science Museum rather than the National Art Gallery. We also suggest  visiting  the Science Museum  on  Wednesday morning and  in  the afternoon, if some    of us  are   interested , we could see the National Art Gallery.
I hope you won't be too angry  (for*/about)  this  change  but we would all like to go to the show.
Waiting for your answer,  receive our greetings. 
 On behalf of  the class
 Generally  speaking, homes will change considerably. They will become less dark and more  comfortable  than today.  People's homes will  be built  more economically by using natural  energy  like solar or wind energy.  These   improvements  will be  involved  by the lack of petrol and  non-renewable   energy .
About the size of  houses , I think that in cities houses will be more and more  small  because of     overpopulation . We  will also  see very  tall  buildings which  contain  a lot of narrow flats.
 In contrast , in the  suburbs  or in the  countryside , more and more rich people will build big houses. Homes like this will be  built  with the latest technologies and  will be  very luxurious.
But about  the  differences between  the   homes of the rich and poor  ,   they  will be the same in the  future . New technologies and facilities won't improve the relationship between people. I think that people will be as alone and  jealous  as today.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to tell you that my class is interested in going to the show which takes place  (in*/at)   the   Central Exhibition  Hall in London  (in*/on)  14th March.
We have seen it in  an   advertisement  and I would like to go to the show. I would also like to tell you that it is  a  very interesting  event  because it includes all the latest  fashions   (about*/in)  leisure and sports wear  and   make-up  as well as hairstyles. It is  a  great opportunity for us because the  fashion  is  fascinating  and free.
I  would  be  very  grateful if you could change the programme so as  to allow us  to go to the show. For example ,  we  would  be able to  put off  our visit  (at*/to)  the science museums  (in*/on)   Tuesday  morning  till  Wednesday afternoon. The fashion show starts at 10  o'clock  and finishes at  7 o'clock .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours  sincerely ,
All    people have the right to have a private life without  other  people  disturbing  them  and  following  them  all the time.
 Journalists  follow    famous people, such as politicians and film stars, in order to take  photos  and  get     information about them. After that  the   journalists  sell their information  (in*/to)  the  newspapers  and magazines in order to earn money.
I  think  that it is very dangerous because the famous  people  cannot have  a  private life and  consequently  they may suffer from  depression  and  sadness  ,  which may    lead them to suicide.
I think that the  government  have to protect them and their private life from the  journalists ,  by  punishing  journalists . I think that the government  is  responsible for the private life of the people.
All    people have the right to live  freely  ,  without  being  disturbed by other  people .
Dear Mr Robertson
I am writing to you about the trip to London. All of the students in my class have read through the programmes that you have  devised  . They  are quite interesting, especially the river trip to Greenwich, because some of us may go to the university there next year. So we can walk around and see  what Greenwich looks like .
All of us want to go  (to*/on)  this trip, but some of my classmates saw an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show, and we  would all  like to go there. It is from 10 am to 7 p.m.  It   is about  the latest fashion, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles . All  of us are really  interested , and it is free for  students  to get in as well. It is a really good opportunity to go because most of us are studying fashion design, and we can learn loads of things    there. So  would  you please  reschedule  the visit  (of*/to)  the Science Museum  (to*/for)  Wednesday afternoon, and we can cancel our shopping and free time, so we can go to the fashion show on Tuesday.
Yours  Sincerely .
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
It was two years ago . My classmates and I  went  (to*/on)  a leadership trip  (in*/to)  London. This trip was organised by our form tutor . He  wanted to test    if we  trusted  each other and worked in a team, and the trip  lasted  for 3 days. The first days  were     fine . We  just had to do some teamwork things.
 (In*/On)  the second day, we had to climb up a  twenty-metre  hill with our hands. It was so difficult for me because I  had been  really scared to stand  (in*/on)  a high place since I was young. I did not want to climb up but I did not have any choice. So I started to climb really slow and  carefully , and I climbed about 15 metres quite  successfully , so I tried to climb quicker because the destination was not far away. But after I climbed two steps more, my right  foot  slipped    .  I    nearly fell   , but  luckily  my hand caught a rock . It  was dangerous, but I didn't  have  any choice . Finally  I did it.
Dear  Mr  Robertson
Thank you very much for organising the programme of our  three-day  visit to London. The programme looks very good, especially the river trip to Greenwich.
Our English class has an additional wish concerning the programme  (of*/for)  our trip. We have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show" and we would all like to go to the show. We think it is a great opportunity because it only takes place once a year and it is free for students. We would suggest  replacing  the shopping  trip  on Tuesday afternoon  (by*/with)  the visit  (of*/to)  the show. We think we would all have another chance for shopping in London  sometime  later.
Please think about our suggestion and the proposed change  (of*/to)  the programme. We are sure this is suitable  (to*/for)  all of us. Thank you very much.
Best regards
The home of the future
The view from outside will mainly be the same. The houses will look like the houses  of  today. A simple and  well-proven  architecture. The difference will be inside the buildings. The doors would be the entrance to another world....
The fridge, the television, the stove and the  hi-fi  equipment will be attached to a computer network. Every electronic gadget in the  future  home will be able to  communicate  with other machines or computers. It will be possible to connect to the Internet from nearly everywhere in the house or flat. I'm sure all the things which are based on electronic parts will totally change. Also the aspects of security within people's homes.
But I think there will not be many changes concerning the furnishing of the future homes. All the big and small things which  define  people's personal environment will be left nearly unchanged - the furniture, the pictures on the wall....
I suppose our future homes will be a mix of new technologies and good old tradition. It has always been like that.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to express my pleasure about the  successful  programme that you have prepared for our school, especially the excellent idea to visit the National Art Gallery.
In addition, I would like to inform you about an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show, which my classmates and I have seen. We are really interested in  the  latest fashions and new hairstyles,  and  also we are keen on knowing about leisure and sports clothes and  the   girls especially  enjoy seeing the different kinds of  make-up .
Furthermore, we have been informed that students are allowed to  visit  this exhibition  free . This event takes place in  the  Central Exhibition Hall in London, on Tuesday     the  14th of March.
I would be grateful if you would consider my suggestion. If you agree to  a  visit  to  this exhibition, we will spend  the  day there, thus we should cancel the shopping, but we will be able to purchase some presents  the  next day, as you have not organised a specific plan.
I look forward to your answer.
Yours sincerely,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I had to hit a human being and unfortunately, although I respect every form of life ,  humans, animals and plants, I managed to hit a burglar.
Three months ago, I cannot forget this day, my parents visited my aunt  (at*/in)  hospital as she was ill. On this day I was really exhausted as I had been studying for 8 hours. I decided to stay at home and listen to music. I switched off the lights and I was sitting in bed.
While I was listening to my favourite cassette, I heard a strange noise. Immediately I opened my door and... I could not believe my eyes! A short man  was standing  in front of me!
Without any warning ,  he pushed my arms. I shouted as  it hurt . I realised that he was very strong. But I was faster and more intelligent than him. I ran quickly and I managed to escape from him, I found  a  hidden wooden spoon and while he was passing in front of me I hit him.
To my relief I managed to survive!
Dear Mr Robertson,
We would like to thank you for the programme which you have prepared for us. We really like the variety of our trip to London. The programme  offers  enjoyment and education,  which  is     essential  for young people.
However, we would like to say   that recently  an  advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show has been seen by one of your English class  students . The show will be about  the  latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles.
In our opinion, we should go to the show. Firstly, because we are keen on fashion.  Secondly , because we do not have to pay for the tickets.
We have already  organised  our visit  in a  new programme. The show is on  Tuesday  and we could go to see the show in the afternoon, instead of  going  shopping. We think   that we  can   go  shopping  the  next day, on  Wednesday , in our free time.
We are looking  forward  to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
<NS type="M"></NS> Students  
The Home of the Future
The future is  unpredictable  and human beings are  afraid  of dangers, such as  tornados  or  earthquakes . Thinking about home  as  a place to live    is not already worth . We must think about home from  another  point of view. We need to make our home a place where we want to come back  to  after    work or school. It has to be  a  pleasure to be there for us. What we really need in the next  millennium  is love, that is what will keep all  the  family together    forever. Do we care about a new carpet or    fashionable furniture? No ,  I do not think so.  Life  is too short to think about     possessions .
 Our  houses will change because of new  technology ,  which  may make our  lives  more comfortable. Everything will be faster. We will  get  used to that. What depends on us, is     the   atmosphere  we will have in our houses. The home of the  future , for me, is a place of  happiness .
We cannot   be  aware  of   future  technology , but we might still have some feelings  (to*/for)   each other .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to thank  you  for  the  interesting and excellent programme   that you  have  organised,  and  especially  for  the opportunity to visit the National Art Gallery and the Science Museum.
I am also writing to ask for your permission to go to the London Fashion and Leisure show, which  will  be on Tuesday 14 March. It will be a presentation of the latest fashions and  (about*/of)     leisure and sports wear. Moreover there will be a   demonstration   of    modern  make-up  and new different,  shaking  hairstyles.
I would like to add that it  would   definitely be  a great opportunity because the tickets will be free for students.
Finally, I would like to suggest that we could attend the show after visiting the Science Museum, instead of  going  shopping.
Many thanks in advance for your cooperation. I look  forward  to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours Sincerely
"It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it , " Peter whispered ,  smiling at me.
 It  was a cold, stormy, winter's night outside. The wind was blowing and the heavy rain was drumming  against  our bedroom window. I could hear  an  owl hooting in the tree nearby. My husband and I were sitting on our bed.
Peter, my husband, was a tall, strong man in his  mid-forties . We used to  recount  our  day  before  falling  asleep. As a postman, Peter   had to deliver letters  around  our little village. He knew everybody,  including  Mrs Rilke, an elderly, eagle-eyed  retired teacher , who lived in  an  old cottage with her five bad-tempered dogs. She  had  never received any  letters ,  till  that morning.
"She was very angry when I arrived. She stared suspiciously at me through  the  glasses on the tip of her nose. After I had opened her gate, she called loudly  to  her five, horrible dogs. I realised I had to run away, but I  still had  her letter. Suddenly I made up my mind, and running as fast as a champion horse I reached her hands and left the letter, then I went away quickly and, fortunately,  was  just in time to close the gate between me and the dogs! " 
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am a student  (of*/in)  the English class. All my  classmates  are looking forward to  going  to London. Thank you so much for organising such a great  programme .
I am writing  to  you about changing our plan on Tuesday 14 March. The students in my class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would all like to go to the show.
The advertisement  said  it is taking place on Tuesday 14 March from 10am to 7pm.
Since the London Fashion and Leisure Show  does  not  take  place so often and also they will  offer the students for free entrance fee this time , if we  attend  this show, it would be  a  great opportunity for us.
For these reasons, we would like to suggest you  go  to the show instead of going shopping on Tuesday afternoon.
I hope I will hear from you soon.
I am sure that our  trip  is going to be great.
Thank you very much
Sincerely,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
Otherwise I had to keep walking  until  the train  started .
Have you stayed  (at*/in)  a park during the night?
When I did that, I was  travelling  around Japan. It was the very last day of my trip and at that time I was in Kyoto.
Although I intended to stay at  a  youth hostel, I could not find any place to stay, and also it was too late to buy a train ticket to go back home.
It was a windy spring day.
I was sitting under a full-bloomed cherry  blossom  tree. Inside the dark, I was alone and only the  moonlight  helped me to see    things. I was regretting     having risked  staying  (at*/in)  the park alone.
Suddenly,  a  strong wind blew up    thousands and thousands  of   petals .
It was like a dream.
I saw the pink    snow there.
Sometimes when we risk a great danger, it turns into a great experience.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I was interested in an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and I would really love to go to the show.
I am writing to  express my appreciation  for the good programme. It was so kind of you to have organised the programme. I would enjoy  seeing   a  show, especially a fashion show. I am keen on wearing and drawing some clothes. This show starts on Tuesday in  the  Central Exhibition of London from 10:00 AM to 7:00 PM.  Especially ,  entry is free for students ! It will be  a  great opportunity for me. I feel that it is such a nice experience and  worthwhile .
I would like to suggest  an  idea and change  the  sightseeing by bus on Monday, because the English weather is so changeable. If it rains, we will not be  pleased . Some of  my  friends would like to go to the British Museum and I have not been there before.
Thank you again and I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Dear friend
How are you? I'm fine. Thank you a lot for your letter and I hope you and your family are well.
It's a good idea to give a book for your cousin's birthday present.
I would like to recommend 'The Old Man and The Sea' because  I read  it when I was teenager. It was such a wonderful story that I remember the old man speaking about human's life between the sea and the man. It may make him think of his future and this book could be very suitable for him.
Let me know if he likes it or not and I hope we'll be able to get together before too long.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you
Love
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing with reference to the  three-day  trip  (in*/to)  London. Thank you very much for organising the programme, which seems extremely interesting.  In particular ,  the  sightseeing by bus  should  be enjoyable.
However, my classmates and I also found another fascinating thing about the trip.  There  is 'The London Fashion and Leisure Show' at  the  Central Exhibition Hall in London on  the  14th of March, which shows the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles. We all found it exciting and exhilarating. It  is  a great opportunity to see the show because we are keen on fashions and clothes. In addition, students can go without paying any fees.
Therefore, I wonder if we could possibly change the programme slightly on 14th March. We would like to see the show on Tuesday afternoon, instead of shopping. We can go shopping on Wednesday afternoon  (at*/during)   our  free time.
I would be grateful   if you could  understand  our concern and change the programme on 14th of March.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours  sincerely ,
Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, are always followed by journalists. Do they have to give up their private lives?
First of all, I think they should accept the fact that they are  well known  and they should be observed all the time, as we are curious to know what they do and we love to gossip about others. Moreover, it might be a good thing that  scandals  usually increase their fame, even if they  do   something  wrong.
On the other hand, it is also said that their private lives must not be intruded  on , as they are the same as us, human beings. It does not seem possible that we can live without any private life.
To sum up, although I think they ought to  abandon  their lives partly when they  enter  the world of fame, they should take some  action  against journalists in order to protect their human rights.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I have been asked by my classmates to write to you to suggest a new activity which you could include in the London programme if you  like  it.
We are very grateful to you for these three days that we are going to spend in the English capital, especially because you  have planned  very interesting and different kinds of things  for all of us to do .
However,  we all  agree that we would like to  include  a visit to the London Fashion and Leisure Show  (in*/at)  the Central Exhibition Hall of London in the trip  itinerary . I am sure that   if you allow us to go, we are going to enjoy it a lot,  learn  new  facts  about    English culture and have an opportunity to  talk     with  all those  professionals  of the fashion .
It is a very good chance to  attend  this exhibition to see all the new  fashions    , the latest hairstyles and  make-up  as all  of   us   come  from many different countries and  do not have  the same customs  either .
And another important thing to consider is that for the students the tickets are free.
As the show is held on Tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00 we could go there instead of  going  shopping in the afternoon.  This  way, we would visit the museum as you had planned and  on  Wednesday afternoon we could use the free time to do some shopping if we wished   .
Well, that is all I wanted to tell you. We do hope you like our suggestion and we can  have an agreement  to  attend  the fashion exhibition.
Yours  sincerely ,
Do famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time?
Some people think that they should. They are human beings    and they need to keep a little bit of  privacy  and freedom in their  lives  to continue like normal people, to feel that they are unknown and  anonymous  and they do not have to wear sunglasses, hats or caps every time they want to  leave  home  in order  not to be recognised.  
This is supposed to make them happier...
Nevertheless, if the famous are known everywhere in the world it is because of  the people  . If  they appear often on TV or in films it is because of their popularity, a popularity which  was given  to them by all us.
So they need to become famous to be what they want and if the people don't know them, they are forgotten, they die...
To sum up I would like to say that for me  it  is very difficult  to decide  which group  is right  but,  (by*/for)  the moment, we should try to respect each other and  go in the other's soul to feel like them in those moments we cannot understand them .
Dear Mr Robertson,
You may be surprised to receive a letter from us. All the students are happy that we will have  the   opportunity    to visit London for three days. This trip would  give  us the  chance  to see London and to improve  our   English    . We all  like  the daily programme  (during*/for)  the three days. In the morning, we will have the  chance    to see some of the  sights  of London by bus,  for  example ,  the Science Museum or the National Art Gallery.
In the afternoon, the  river  trip to Greenwich  will  also be a fantastic experience for us.
The reason I write to you   is that we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show,  for a  few  days . It would be exciting   if we had the  opportunity    to go to the show. The show includes the latest fashions in    sports clothing and the most fashionable  make-up  and hairstyles. We all think that the London  Fashion  and Leisure  Show  will be a great opportunity for us.
The show is free for students and we can see the show  instead  of having free time  on  Wednesday in the afternoon.
We all thank you for your help.
We send you our regards.
The student
 Nowadays , with the help of the media ,  famous people, like     politicians  or filmstars,  play  an important  role  in our community.
It is also normally    true  that the journalists are after them. They want to get from them all the details of their life, especially  regarding  their private  life . Who got married, who got  divorced  or who  has experienced  a  remarkable   change   (of*/in)  his complexion, these are questions    that  most journalists are interested in.
But what  kind of  life is it   when you  can't even  go to a restaurant  because you   are  afraid of   the journalists    who  will be waiting outside for you? It is sometimes a real fight who will take the first picture of a film star or a politician. Famous people  also deserve  to have a private life. It is a right  that  everybody  (from*/among)  us has. That fact should be respected by the journalists.  It is   normal  when you are a star   that everybody wants to know all about you. We  shouldn't  forget   that for this reason the stars want to keep their private life away from the media!
I think nobody  has  forgotten   where  the  curiosity  (from*/of)  the journalists  leads . For example ,   there was  the hunting  (about*/of)  Princess Diana and  her  friend. I hope that they will  be  punished for what they  did !
12.12.0<NS type="M"></NS>
Dear Mr Robertson , 
I am writing  (in*/with)  reference to the programme for the English class   that is going to spend three days in London. I have already read the programme, and I  like   it , I think that the class will like going     sightseeing  by bus and in the afternoon going  (to*/on)   the   river  trip to Greenwich .  Also, they can visit  the  Science Museum, and they can  go        shopping . On  Wednesday 15 March they  are  going to visit  the  National Art Gallery, really, I think that is  a  good programme.
However, I think  that the class would like to visit "The London Fashion and Leisure Show" as well ,  it  is on Tuesday from 10.00  am  until 19.00 pm. They don't need to pay.
   I think  it  is a good a idea, because they could go  shopping afterwards , when they have  some  free time .  I am sure about that, they will  want  to visit that place.  The  programme could be changed just for a few hours, it is a great opportunity for everybody.
Finally, I hope that you understand my personal opinion about the programme, I will understand  and  accept  your  personal opinion as well.
I look forward  to  hearing from you.
 Yours   sincerely 
12.12.00
My personal opinion about famous people, is  that their lives are  good in one way and bad in another way.
I think that they live their life like  that , because they want to live this life.
They  do  everything just for money,  and  sometimes   they can make  their  life easier than  it   would  normally  be . It is true, they deserve to have a private life without  journalists  following them all the time, however this  publicity   brings  them money, and  a   comfortable  life.
Famous people, such as politicians and film stars,    live  happily    because they know that  being  famous  means   being  rich.
They can travel around the world, buy everything, it is a good life, but at the same time, they must be    very good  people , because "    Fame " is just for a  short  time, nothing  lasts  forever in this world.
My personal opinion is that   I think they aren't really happy, and they are selfish as well.
I  would  not really like  to be  a famous person, because you are not really  yourself , and for me  that  is the  most  important thing.
  
Dear Mr. Robertson,
My name is Bao-yu Liao. I am  the  representative of our class  in your college  to write to you.
We are very grateful for  what you have well-organised the programme going to London for us .
It is a good programme . In particular   the  National Art Gallery is one of the  places we would most  like to visit. This is because we are very interested in art.
In fact, some of  my  classmates have seen an advertisement for the 'London Fashion and Leisure Show'.  Coincidentally  the show is in London and on Tuesday March 14 ,  which is during the period we are in London for the three-day programme. We think it is a great opportunity because we are very interested in art and fashion. Of course,  we are interested in  leisure as well. Therefore, if it is possible, we would like to see the show in the afternoon on 14 March instead of going shopping.
It would be very much appreciated if you could arrange  for  the programme to be changed. We look forward to hearing  some  good news from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time. We know it does not matter  whether  they are famous or not ;  everyone  deserves   some  privacy. However, as human beings, almost all of us are curious. We like to know and chat about gossip. This is why gossip magazines are so popular.  Due to commercial value , journalists have to follow them all the time to peep  into  their private lives to satisfy us.  Therefore , it is impossible for journalists to stop chasing them.
However, journalists should not only think about  commercial value ,  because  morality and  principles   are also  concerned. Of course,  if  everyone  paid  less attention or  interest , the  situation   would  be better. I remember in August 1997 Princess Diana  dying  in the car crash was one of the most  disastrous  examples.
Although we  cannot  deny it is our nature -  we are  curious  -  we can improve our  sense  of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them. Actually, I am happy to hear that journalists have learned their lesson from the death of Princess Diana and try to let her children and  the  Royal family have more privacy.  Let's  all leave them more freedom to enjoy their private lives.
Dear Mr Robertson, one of the reasons that we  are writing  this letter to you   is because we would like to thank you for this short trip  (in*/to)  London. We believe that the programme is very  good  and well organised and we would like to thank you one more time  especially  for that.
The other reason    I  mentioned  earlier is    a request  ( of */from)   the whole  class. We've seen an advertisement in the newspapers, about a Fashion exhibition in London on Tuesday the  14th  of March. That is one of the 3 days that we will  spend  in London as a  college . So we had this great idea ,  if it is possible of course , we could   include  this exhibition in our programme.
The exhibition is  called  the London Fashion and Leisure Show and it  takes  place at the Central Exhibition hall, in London ,  From 10.00 till 19.00.
The class is very  excited  about that because the Show  covers  the latest Fashions, leisure and Sports Wear,  make-up  and  hairstyles . We believe that  this  is a great opportunity because  it  is one of the best shows of the year . Also   the  majority of the class  has never had  the  chance  to visit a show  like  this and the most important and best part is that    admission is Free for Students. And that we  thought     very good as otherwise we could not afford it.
So please if it is possible  could we   make  a small change to the programme and  move  the activities of  Tuesday the   14th  of March to the  15th  of March  so  as to try to  combine  the 2 days.
We hope we do not cause any problems  (to*/with)  your programme and hope that you will  accept  our request. From all your class
Thank you
"FAME" What a word!! I'm sure that the people that  had decided to meet this word they  did not  realise  that there is a price to pay. I believe that  all  famous people ,  such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for    various reasons.
First of all they are humans like everyone else, so yes everyone  wants  privacy in their  lives .  It is  the same right for all of us as    human  beings .
Of course  if  you are  (on*/in)  the public eye, the reasons  why you want privacy are different  , because  if you are a politician ,   for      example , you fear for your life. You need to protect your life  (of*/from)  any danger.  Because 
To: The Principal of Westminster College, Mr Robertson.
From: Eirini X FCE Student
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you with a request for a change in the  schedule  of our trip to London. But, first of all, I would like to thank you for the time and the effort you have  put in  to organize the entire programme. Everything seams very interesting and I am sure that we will all have a very good time.
 Unfortunately  I have to suggest a change for the programme  (of*/for)  Tuesday the 14th of March. That's because the "Fashion and Leisure Show" takes place that  day  in London. All of the students - including  myself   -  think of this as a great opportunity that  it  would be  a   pity  to  miss , especially when students can enter for free.
According to the day's programme, we are visiting the Science Museum in the morning and we are going shopping in the afternoon. My suggestion is to use Wednesday's afternoon free time as an alternative     (of*/to)  the shopping. This way we will be able to visit the Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday evening, and see the show.
I hope that you will  find this possible .
With best regards
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
I had to  test  my limits    once again. This is my nature. I had to see how far I could go this time or, to be more specific, how high! I've always wanted to taste the freedom that birds have, always been interested in listening to my blood  pumping  in my  veins , full of adrenaline,   to let   myself free ,  to shake   from excitement.
 These  were my thoughts when I first saw the advertisement for a " skydive ". I didn't hesitate much. The same afternoon I picked up the phone and I gave them a call. That was it.
The following Sunday I  found   myself  on a  plane  flying 20000ft from the ground. When the time for the jump came I had some second thoughts. But then   I thought of the birds again - of how nice it would be to share their world for a few minutes and   I jumped!
Well, danger is in my nature  and  Life is nothing but an adventure.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Thank you for the  excellent  programme you  have organised  for our class. We especially look  forward   to  the  river  trip to Greenwich.
However ,  we have  seen  an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show", which will take place on    Tuesday 14th March from 10.00 am to 19.00 pm during our trip  (in*/to)  London and in which the  following  topics will be   shown  :
. Latest  fashions 
. Leisure and sports wear
.  Make-up 
. Hairstyles
We would like to inform you that we  are  all  extremely  interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because    entrance is free for     students .
We would like to  ask  if we could go to this show on the 15th March  instead   of   doing  the visit  (in*/to)  the Science Museum. We could  do   that  on the Wednesday ,  15th March , in the  afternoon.
Thank you  in advance  for your  understanding  and we look forward to hearing  (for*/from)  you.
Yours Sincerely,
The private life of famous people!
Who  has  never dreamed  of   being  a famous singer,  sportsman , actor or a politician? The success of these people is so  great  that they are known all over the  world .
I think that  these   kinds  of people have a poor life because they  can never  be  quiet  because  everybody   knows  them and  wants  to know a lot of things about them. They  always have  to be careful about what they say and what they do.
 I think  that if famous people  are  always followed by journalists it is not the  fault  of the media but of the huge  number  of people who are interested in famous  people's   lives . Firstly,  this is because there are  a lot of    scandal  magazine readers  . Secondly,  it is  because they have  a lot of  admiration for them and lastly because they want  to dream  and see what a " star's  life"  looks  like.
In conclusion I think that people who are  too   much  interested in other  people's   lives   do not have  an interesting life and are unhappy!
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing you this letter to  complain  about  what  you have organized  for  us for our trip to London.
First of all, I would like to thank you for your activity programme. I find it really good,  especially  because of the visit to the Science Museum and the National Art Gallery.
But I would like you to know that on Tuesday March 14th in London, there is a show, which is free for students, about the latest fashions, leisure and  sportswear ,  make-up  and hairstyles called The London Fashion and Leisure Show.
All the  group  would enjoy going  to  the show, because it is a great  opportunity  to see an exhibition  of  the latest fashions. We know that you have planned a very complete programme  but  we would like to suggest you  move  our visit to the Science Museum to Wednesday afternoon   so that   we can go to the show , which lasts from 10am to 7pm, on Tuesday .
Thank you very much for considering our  request .
I look forward receiving your reply.
Yours sincerely
Nowadays, in our society, there are some people who, because of their work or because of their success in life,  have  become popular, and by now  are  known by everybody. But, how does fame affect    their lifestyle?
Politicians, musicians or film  stars  are  watched  all the time,  (since*/from)   when  they wake up in the morning until they go to bed in the evening, by journalists and photographers who follow them and observe all that they do.
It is certain that these people have fame, fortune and success, and that many of them are rich, very rich. They usually appear on TV,  and  go to shows    and  sports competitions... But I'm sure that all these things  cannot  give them back one of the most needed things: a private life. And believe me, there is no money in the world  that   will buy  that.
But obviously, if these people are all the time in the newspaper, on TV and so on,  it  is because, although we don't want to accept it, we love following their  lives .
So now, all we should have to ask ourselves is if their  damaged   lifestyle  is in part our fault.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I'd like thank you  for   taking  us on a trip to London and  having prepared  such a good programme, especially the river trip to Greenwich.
 There   will also  be "The London  Fashion and Leisure Show " on the 14th of March, which  consists   (on*/of)  an exhibition of the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles.  It  will be free for us as we are students.
As you know ,  we are in England to learn your language and also  to learn about  your lifestyle, and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to  discover  this  aspect  of your country!
May I suggest an alternative  plan ? We could go to  the  science museum on  Wednesday  morning and to the National Art Gallery  too . We only need wake up earlier and take part of the lunchtime to do both the same morning, but that would  allow  us  to go  to  the  show on  Tuesday , because we can use     Wednesday's  free time to do our shopping. I hope that my idea  is acceptable to  you and you'll agree.
Sincerely,
Tuesday, 12th December
Dear Annette,
Thank you for your letter,  as  usual, it's a  pleasure  to receive     news  from you.
I  understand  that you're looking for  a birthday present for your cousin , and you'd like  to give      her  a book, which, I think,  is  a good idea. The last book I read was Wuthering Heights by Emilie Brontë. It's a  fantastic  book, which I recommend to everybody keen on  love stories . It's a perfect  combination   (between*/of)  passion and  life's  difficulties. I  reckon  that it's    not an easy  read , but as you described your cousin, I think she really will enjoy it, she's  so  good  (in*/at)   literature    that it won't be a problem for her. I really think you should choose this one for her, it does go with her  personality . It'll be a good point for her general  education  .  Wuthering Heights  is  a classic, which everybody knows about   , even if they  haven't  read it, they   at  least    know the story.
Let me know what would be your choice.
Love from  
Dear Mr Robertson.
Thank you very much for  taking  us to London.
This is a big opportunity to discover the capital.
 However , a few of us would like to  consider  the "London fashion and leisure show".
This is going to take place on  Tuesday   March  14  (at*/from)  10.00 to 19.00.
Could you, if we may ask  ,  reorganise  our visit to the museum and also to the shopping  centre . However, none of us wishes to miss all the attractions planned in  the   schedule .
Perhaps   we could spend our free time at the museum before going to the  shopping   centre .
This is a very important stay over three days. Every one hopes to  enjoy  himself and  come  back with a lot of knowledge.
I thank you very much for hearing my request. I apologise for any inconvenience it  may   cause .  I am certain you would think over about  that particular visit to "the London fashion and leisure show". On behalf of all the students , 
Yours truly , 
What do famous people  want ?
Do they want to be famous and ignored?
Or do they want to be persecuted  by  the media?
There are plenty of good things about being famous.
You do not have a precarious life.
You are rich and  loved .
Of course, it does not mean you deserve to be persecuted all the time.
Perhaps we could call it the " rough of the smooth ".
However, to have  your   photo  taken and  shown  on television and  in   the  newspapers increases your popularity.
 It is the way you may consider magnificent wages as it should fit your fame .
I might also  be missing  the point.
You might be a  princess , a politician or a footballer   but are not doing it for any fame. You were born with the talent    or  with the title.
You never wished to be  so famous .
 Whatever  you do,     journalists  should not follow you every second.
 Everyone  deserves to be given the right  (of*/to)  a private life.
Dear Mr Robertson
I am writing to thank you for the good programme, especially  (on*/for)  Wednesday, because the other  students  and I like  art   galleries .
But      last Friday, we  saw  an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show " . Now, we want to know if it is possible to go to  see  this Show. It is on Tuesday 14th March in the Central Exhibition Hall between 10.00 and 19.00.
We think that it is a great opportunity because it is just  once  per year and it is free for  students .
We suggest you  change  the programme. We think that Monday and Wednesday are good, but we ask you to change the programme on Tuesday. If it is possible, we want to go to the "London Fashion and Leisure Show" and  not  go shopping.
We look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
yours sincerely
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
Last July, I went to spend two weeks with my best  friend  in a beautiful village in the south of France, near Saint-Tropez.
We  stayed   (in*/at)  my aunt's house  which  was in the  centre  of the village. In front of my aunt's house, there  was  a house with  a  swimming pool, garage and garden. My aunt told me it was  a  famous French singer's house.
One night, I heard a strange sound. I  looked  outside and saw two men go into the house in front of mine. They went into the house through a window. I  thought  it was some  robbers .
I said to my friend that I wanted to go to see and he must phone    the police. I went near the house and waited to  see  what    would happen.
After ten minutes, one man came out with a big bag and  got  into his car. When the other man came out, I caught him and  fought  him. The first man went away   because a police car arrived.
The policeman came to take the  burglar  and thanked me  for   catching  him.
12th December 2000
Dear  Mr  Robertson,
The whole class and I would like to thank you for the good  programme    which you have organised for our trip to London.
The reason why I'm  writing  to you is the class and I have seen an  advertisement  for the London Fashion and Leisure Show on Tuesday ,  March 14 from 10.00 am -  7 .00 p.m. It is a show about  the  latest fashions, leisure and  sportswear ,  make-up  and hairstyles. We all are interested in  fashion  and hairstyles and it is a great  opportunity  for  us  because students  do not have  to pay and we will know what we can buy on our shopping tour. I would like to suggest  to  you how the  programme  could be changed. Instead of a shopping tour on Tuesday afternoon ,  we could go to the show and do the shopping on  Wednesday  afternoon in our free time. What  do you think  about this  suggestion ?
I hope you will  understand   this kind of matter  . The  class and I  are  looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
In the next few years    people's  homes  will be  changing  a lot.  The first  point  is  we will use more often new technologies like  telecommunications  or  the   Internet . In the future  they both getting closer and closer . That means for  example  ,  while you are sitting in the office you are able to  control  your home with the computer. You can open and close the windows and switch the light on and off. Your freezer tells you when you have to buy some milk, eggs or  cheese . Or ,   without   leaving  the office ,  you are able to heat the  water  for a hot bath. So in fact people's  homes   will become  more  convenient  and  more comfortable . I think also  housewives  will receive more help with a  robot  in the  home . But the form and the rooms of a building will still be the same. And of course the  furniture  of people's  homes  will not change  either .
Dear Principal, First of all, we would like to thank you for  the  good programme which provides us  with  3  days'  stay in London.  It contains a wide range of activities ,  for example, sightseeing,  a  river trip, visiting  the  science museum and gallery, shopping.  It is certain that the programme will give the students considerable enjoyment. However, we have found an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure show, which will be held at Central Exhibition Hall on 14th of March.  The advertisement says that the show is full of many interesting programmes, such as the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles etc.  Moreover, students are allowed to  attend  for free.
All of us would like to attend the show because young people, particularly girls ,  are interested in fashion and  make-up , so we are expecting the show  to be   a  great opportunity to see what the new  trends  in fashion will be like. It would be  great  if you  made  a little change in  the  programme so that we are able to attend the show.  It seems to be good to change the programme of 14th  (into*/to)  the London Fashion and Leisure show, instead of the science museum and shopping.  I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Technical and Warm Home People's way of life has  been changed considerably  by  rapidly  developing  modern  technology.  To begin with, it will be good to look back on how our parents have lived in a house. 50 years ago, Korean mothers should have made a fire by burning  wood  to warm a room up and make food.  Since the  electric  fire and microwave oven had been invented, their  lives  have been far easier than before. Today, however, people do not need to spend  much   time  on making food, washing up, or even on turning  the light on and off .  Machines, such as  the   dishwasher ,  washing machine  and remote  control  help us  just  to relax or do a little  necessary work .  In my opinion , people's  homes  in the future will be controlled by a computer which is  built   (in*/into)  every machine, TV, cooker and the light,  connected  to the owner.  He/she can just press the button or send e-mail to operate what he/she needs, even though the owner is far from the house. On the other hand, people will still be living in a building which is constructed for a "family".  In spite of the computer, children will need food their mothers make and love expressed not by a computer, but by parents themselves.  A computer  might know  more  than  a  human, but there are many things which it  cannot  replace in our life.
Wawsaw, 12th December 2000
Dear Mr Robertson,
First of all, we would like to thank you very much for organising such a  wonderful  trip with an interesting  programme . We are all extremely excited ,  especially because of the trip to Greenwich, the town we  have always been  interested in.
However, there are  many  other interesting places and exhibitions to see in London. For example,  (in*/at)  the time of our visit there is going to be "The London Fashion and Leisure Show". It is a  coincidence  which we would be extremely happy to take advantage  (on*/of) . This is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have  autographs  from.
We hope changing the excursion  programme  a little will not cause any problems. Our suggestion is to visit  the  Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon instead of Tuesday  because  the fashion show lasts a whole day   . We are ready to give up our shopping and  free  time. The show starts on 14th March at 10.00 and ends at 19.00 the same day. We are sorry for any inconvenience caused by our request.
Yours  sincerely 
Famous people are living creatures. They breathe, eat, feel and  aside from   the fact  that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else.
Nobody likes to be observed constantly or touched by strangers and pointed out in the streets with no right even  to  just a little privacy. I personally think the best <NS type="MN"></NS> would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them, point and ask for  autographs  , like  in the zoo. The biggest commercial  gain  in history ,  I believe, but celebrities are not animals although they may be sometimes treated the same way.
On the other hand, they must have done something to become famous. It may ,  in many cases, not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know  there is no private life  unseparately   connected  to it .
To sum up, I believe that everyone has the right to  keep   the  privacy of their own homes and even someone extremely famous  deserves  to have a private life. Unfortunately as long as their private life is interesting for ordinary people and it brings commercial gain to publishers, journalists and photographers, famous people will just have to get  used  to this living "under a microscope".
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing on behalf of my class to thank you  (about*/for)  the programme you organised for our trip to London. We all think it is a good programme, especially  because of  the fact that it combines leisure and culture. However, we saw an  advertisement  for "The London Fashion and Leisure Show" and we would all like to go and see it.
First of all, you might not know what this show is  about .  In fact , it is a big exhibition of the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles. It would be interesting for us to see all that "live", rather than on TV. Furthermore, it is a great opportunity for us because    entry is free for students so it will not affect the budget. The show takes place on 14th March from 10 o'clock to 7 o'clock. We all think that it would be most enjoyable to go to the  science  museum until about 11 o'clock and then move  on  to the show. It would be a good idea to leave at about 5 or 6 o'clock so that we can go shopping for a while.
We all hope you will be able to find a good solution without causing too much trouble.
Yours sincerely,
Terror in the Alps
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. We had been trapped in the snowy, almost vertical slopes of the "Tête Blanche" for more than ten hours by then. We were there, alone, my friend with his broken leg and myself.
We had decided to climb that more than  3,700 -metre-high mountain near Arolla in Switzerland two weeks beforehand. We had been preparing the trip for several days when we started to climb the mountain, on  the  4th of September 1995. It all went as expected and we reached the summit in six hours. However, it started to go wrong after one hour of downhill walking. My friend fell down and badly hit his leg against a rock. We could  immediately  see that it was broken. He couldn't move any more and my  mobile phone  was not able to find a proper network. We were trapped!
I finally decided to carry him on my back    back to the rescue chalet. It was dangerous because of the steepness of the slope and we risked falling down all the time. However, we would have frozen to death if we had  stayed  where we were. After ten more exhausting hours of walking we finally reached the chalet, from  where  we were able to call a helicopter. We were safe!
Dear Mr Robertson,
Firstly,  I am being the representative of my class  to  thank   you  for organising a good programme in London, especially the  visit   (of*/to)   the  Science Museum and National Art Gallery. We know that it is a good chance for us to learn more different things and  we  can widen our knowledge in the Science Museum. In addition, we can appreciate and enjoy the art in  the  National Art Gallery. Unfortunately, I know that most of the students have already visited  these  two places before. So we  decided  to choose  another   event   which have seen as an entertainment . It is the LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW. The show  will be   held  at  the  Central Exhibition Hall, London. The date is    Tuesday March 14, from 10.00-19.00. It shows the latest fashions ,  including leisure and sports wear. In spite of  this , there  are  also  make-up  and hairstyles ,  which  attract girls most .
Secondly, the show is a great opportunity because it  is held   for  only 1 day ,  which is Tuesday March 14. And   it is free for students. So I think it is worth visiting.
 Personally , here  are     some suggestions about how the programme could be changed. We can  follow  the programme that you planned as usual and  then  we go to that fashion show on Tuesday.
Finally, the above information is my opinion and I hope you can accept it.
Thanks for your kind attention.
 Yours  sincerely,
 How is the home of the future will be ?  Will it remain  the same,    or have a great  difference ?
For me, I think people's  homes  may not be built on the ground. The  homes  will be built  (on*/in)  the sky - so as to save more land to build the other buildings. As the  homes   will be  built  (on*/in)  the sky , it  will save a lot of electricity as solar energy  will be  used.
And   there should be  a   robotic  servant in everyone's home. So  there'll be  no need for people to do the  housework . There  will  be no beds at home because some pills  will be  invented to  prevent people becoming  sleepy. If you're  tired , the pill can give you  vitamins ,  proteins  and make you  refreshed  . 
 Regarding  electrical goods, there  will not be any  kind of electrical  product  except  computers . People will do  everything  on the computer, including watching TV,  listening  to music,  and   chatting  with people , as  the computer is    a multi-functional  product .
 On  the other hand, there're some  things  that remain the same. The toilet should remain the same as people need to use  it  daily and nothing can replace it. Second, there should be friends and family members in the home to provide  joy  and fun. Since friends and family members won't change  or   be replaced    by anything.
These are my   imaginations  . I really wonder how the home of the future will be.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Thank you for organising  a  good programme,  we  especially like  sightseeing from River trip to Greenwich  in London for three days. I am writing on behalf of my classmates to give  you  the information  (of*/about)  'The London Fashion And Leisure Show' which we would like to go  to  and to  offer  our opinion.
We have seen an advertisement  (of*/in)  last  Saturday's  'The Times' edition of the show. It will be held in Central Exhibition Hall, London  on  Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00. Firstly, it will introduce  the  latest fashions  connecting   Millennium . Secondly, we will be able  to see leisure and  sportswear  about fashion trend of next year . It would be  a  fantastic opportunity  (to*/for)  the students who study    fashion. Finally, we can see how to  do   make-up  and  create  better  hairstyles  in the show. Most of all,  it  is free for students to enter.
We would like to know if it is possible to change your programme. We would be grateful if we could go there in the afternoon on 14 March because we are able to go shopping.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Yours Sincerely,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
Whenever I  recollect  it, I feel self-confident. When I was twenty years old, I had to go  (to*/into)   the  Army. As you know, my country has been separated into two countries (South and North Korea). However, instead of going  (to*/into)   the  Army, I was able to apply to  join the  Korea Auxiliary Police.
One year later, I was working in Kang-nam police station in Seoul. Suddenly, the  burglar alarm  came  on . So, another policeman and I had to arrive at the accident place quickly. When we arrived at the place  where  it happened, one man started running away. Without any thought, I ran quickly like a swallow. Then, he tried to go over the wall, I held his leg. He fell down and we had to stare at each other. After we fought for a minute, I was able to arrest him. As a result, I could go on vacation. When I  told  my mother, she asked me not to do it again.
But, I was a  policeman . Therefore, I had to do it in spite of it being dangerous.
Dear Mr Robertson.
I am writing to express the  desire  of all  the  students in my class to visit the LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW at  the  Central Exhibition Hall, on Tuesday 14 March.
All  the  students have seen an advertisement for that and they would like to go to the show. I think that will be  a  very good  event  ,  especially the part  (of*/about)  the Latest Fashions, because  it  is something which  affects     people of all ages today.
But also the  other  parts of the show  seem  to be very interesting. Leisure and Sports Wear is very interesting. I think that young people are affected  (from*/by)  that in the way they  dress .
 Make-up  and Hairstyles are also very important ,  especially For our class, because    most  of the  students  (of*/in)  our class are girls. The girls are  more interested  than boys    (For*/in)   make-up  and  hairstyles    and they want to know all the latest news about these  things .
I know that for Tuesday 14 March you have already  organised  the programme ,  which  includes  for  the  morning a visit to  the  Science Museum and For  the  afternoon shopping but we can change that as Follows:
Tuesday morning until 15.00 visit to Science Museum
Tuesday afternoon from 1600 to 1900 visit to THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW.
Thank you very much. I    apologise For any  inconvenience    and I am waiting for your reply.
Yours  sincerely 
Famous people, such as politicians and Film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists Following them all the time.
I think that they have  a  right because   they are also people like  you or like me  and they should have  a  private life.  A private  life is very important  (to*/for)   everyone , because your job  creates     stress and you should rest  and   recharge  your batteries For the next day.
If journalists  are  following  your every step   it  is difficult to have a private life.
On the other hand ,  I believe that Journalists  are  doing their  job , but sometimes they try to impress their boss and  they are  always  following     Famous people in order to discover something new  (of*/about)  their  lives .
Another thing is the pressure  from   media owners  and the difficulty For someone to Find  a  job  these  days.
 Media owners  want to maximize their profits and always press the journalists to Find something new.
To conclude journalists should  do  their work but without  annoying     other people.  A private  life is  everyone's right  and  we should all  respect  that .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to you  in connection  with your programme  (of*/for)  spending three days in London. I would like to inform you about The London Fashion and Leisure show on Tuesday 14th March  (at*/between)  10.00 - 19.00. I would be  grateful  if you could  include   this   show  in your programme.
It is very thoughtful of you     to take  all of us to London. This is  a  great  opportunity  for me to explore and experience London myself ,  especially   The London fashion and leisure shows. Most of the shows are about  fashionable  things for    students    my age. I think it is a good  event  and suitable for all of us because there are many different kinds of     show  ,  for instance <NS type="M"></NS> latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, how to  put on make-up  and how to  have    appropriate   hairstyles.
In my  opinion , I think you should  have  this  event  in the afternoon instead of going    shopping and move the  shopping   slot   (in*/to)  the afternoon on Wednesday.
I hope this information will help  you to understand  and  include  it in your programme. I trust you to pay  immediate  attention to my suggestions.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I closed my eyes,  took  a deep breath and  jumped  out of the tower. There were  hundreds  of Thai students    waiting     to take  this test. I was very afraid of the  height  and was very nervous. I was given the  list   of  activities while I was  taking part in  the  adventure  school  schemes  at the  soldier  camps in the north of Thailand. There were many tasks that I had to complete ;  for instance,  climb     the mountain,  learn  how to  use   various   kinds  of  gun , and how to survive  if  I got lost in  a  forest. The last task I had to do was  jump  out of the  high  tower. The assistants were the real  soldiers  and they were very kind and helpful ,   even though    they looked very  strict  and unkind. It was the hardest time for me    because I lived in the city most of my life  and  I had never known    how to survive in  a  forest and how difficult  to work as  soldiers  . I  eventually  managed to complete all  the  tasks that I  had been given   and  I was very proud of this.
Dear Mr. Robertson Thank you for your good programme for  the  English class, especially  since  it is well-organised and has many different places we can go and we can see. All of us in  the  English class look forward to visiting these places. However, we'd like to ask about London Fashion and Leisure Show that we've seen an advertisement  for   (on*/in)  this  week's  college newspaper. We would appreciate it if you could give us a chance to go there while we are visiting    London. It should be a great opportunity for us because we can see the latest fashions, leisure and  sportswear ,  make-up  and  hairstyles.  As you know, this year is our final year and most of us would like to get a job straight away after this course. We've been worried about our future career and we believe that we need some preparation for it such as  advice about  dress and hairstyle for an interview. And mostly, it should  be  a great opportunity for the Art students who are attending English class. Most    students in our class are studying Fashion    full-time. Especially, it does not cost  anything  at all for students. But the only problem  (for*/with)  the show is the date which is on Tuesday 14 March from 10.00 to 19.00. As we're considering your programme we're supposed to go  to   the  Science Museum and shopping. We're thinking that we can go to these  places  the    following day. But Mr. Robertson, these    suggestions  depend  on your programme, we're just suggesting. Again we're so sorry that we  are causing  you     inconvenience   regarding  your plan and thank you for considering us. We are  looking  forward to hearing from you Yours sincerely,
The Home of the Future.
Have you ever thought about our future home?
Living in a high building! But we could have  everything  we want   . Home might be a mixture with  modern  styles and  a  natural  appearance  as well.
These days a lot of  countries  have been worried about  lands that can't have enough   space  to build houses. The  prices  for  land  are    increasing    because of this   .
So I think that the future home  could be considered this points . I mean most     homes  are going to be in a building like a flat. Maybe it is right  to say     in a flat instead of a building. I believe there are a lot of high buildings now in Japan. Most of them are flats which have at  least  20 Floors. It means  the  Japanese are planning for the future home.
But what  I imagine  is that these flats'll have many functions such as offices, leisure centre, shopping centre even school. Because we are living     a   computerised  life,    we'll able to do most things at home or these flats'll have these places as well.
But one more thing, I believe these flats'll have a park for people who'll be living in  them . And because it'll be a big building we'll  be  able to see a  great  view through the window.
In conclusion, our future home will have a natural  appearance  like  today's   homes  and give people a new technological home life.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing  to you on behalf of an advanced class  to thank you for having organised our    three-day programme  (on*/from)  13th to 15th March.
We discussed the programme. It would be great to take a trip to Greenwich by boat. We all would love to do it. However, we have seen an advertisement  (about*/for)  "The London Fashion and Leisure Show" recently. It will be held at Central Exhibition Hall on 14th March at 10 a.m to 7 p.m.. According to  the  advertisement, a lot of events will take place during the show such as  make-up , hairstyles, latest fashions and leisure and sports wear. It would be a golden opportunity to  see  up-to-date fashion. In addition, it is free for students.
After consideration, we would like you to reorganise the 2nd  day's  programme. We are politely asking you. It would be  great  if you  could  reorganise this  matter  at your earliest convenience.
I look forward to meeting you to discuss this matter.
Yours sincerely,
Hide and Seek!
 Nowadays , a lot of celebrities, such as pop, film and sports stars, suffer from  the privacy of their lives being intruded on . Undoubtedly, their    first enemies are "Journalists".
Some people are in favour of covering famous people's  stories in depth  , because  it is interesting and they can forget about their own problems by imagining celebrities' luxurious lives. Moreover, they think that celebrities do not have to hide from publicity because it means that they are extremely popular with people and being loved.
On the other hand, other people are against following celebrities and photographing them every moment. They claim that it is absolutely  an  intrusion on  their  privacy. What is more, they insist that  as well as  celebrities, they are also  human beings  who want to live without being disturbed and watched.
In conclusion, there are both advantages and disadvantages  (of*/to)  covering celebrities. Taking everything  into  account, the drawbacks far outweigh its benefits. Thus, I think that journalists should consider celebrities' lives and  put themselves  in celebrities' shoes.
I am writing this letter because we saw your programme for our next trip to London and we would like to suggest  to  you just one thing.
First of all, we would like to say    thank you very much for  organising  our tour around London and our programme ,   which  is considered  especially good for us   because of  the places we will visit.
Secondly, we saw last Saturday in the Oxfor News  an  advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to know if  it   would  be  possible  to  include  this show in our tour. The show is going to take place in the  General  Exhibition Hall in London,  Thursday the  14 of March, so  it  could be a good idea to see this show  instead  of  going  to  the  Science Museum.
We think that it could be  a  great opportunity because in one day we can see  everything   concerning   fashionable  clothes, new  make-up  and  hairstyles . Furthermore  it is free for students .
 If  you would like more information do not hesitate to contact me.
I am looking  forward   to   your  reply.
Yours   sincerely
Dear Mr Robertson,
I'm a student  (of*/at)  your college and I  am writing  this letter for my class because I'm the class chief.
 (On*/In)  the hall  (of*/outside)  our classroom we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would like to go to the show  if   that is  possible.
We know that we will spend three days in London in a <unknown/> with a  determinate  programme. First of all we  thank you  for the  excellent  programme  and  especially for  the visit to  the Science Museum on Tuesday 14th .   Regarding  the London Fashion and Leisure Show we  would be  very  excited  to go because it's  an   extravagant  and unusual show with leisure,  sportswear  and hairstyles.
As I see  from  your programme ,  the shopping  trip  is at the same time  as  the London Fashion  Show  so I'll make you a suggestion: we'll start in the morning with the Science Museum and immediately after we'll go to  the  Central Exhibition Hall without doing  any  shopping.
It would be a great opportunity because  it's free for students .
 If you don't have problems we attend yours, we hope good answer .
Thank you
I  don't think that my house is   the house  of the future.
It is comfortable, not too big with a lot of carpets and  antique   objects  ,  for example ,   pottery , my bed, and a wardrobe of my  grandmother's .
 I think  people's homes will be different in the future . Regarding   the new materials of structures , they will have a lot of computers for  doing recipes  and  doing   the  shopping while you are    at home.
We will have a relaxing room, with soft light,  New Age music  and a lot of essences. I think that we can't stop    progress but if we want we can conserve <unknown/> traditional things.
The home of the future will be very  impersonal  and the  atmosphere  will be cold and very   essential  .
Dear Mr. Robertson , 
I am writing  on behalf of our class  to thank you for organising our  trip   (in*/to)  London. Our class is very  grateful to  you for the  excellent  programme.  We are especially  interested in the sightseeing by bus on Monday morning and the river trip to Greenwich  (at*/in)  the afternoon. It is a good idea to include the  visit   (of*/to)  the Science Museum and the National Art Gallery  (at*/in)   the  morning    on Tuesday and Wednesday  respectively .
However, the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show at the Central Exhibition Hall of London on Tuesday from 10 am to 7 p.m. All of us would like to go to the show. It is a great opportunity  for  the following reasons. Firstly, there will be  leisure  and sports wear and the latest  fashions . Secondly, there will be  exhibitions  about makeup and  hairstyles . Moreover,    entrance for students is free.
We suggest changing our programme a little bit. Instead of  Wednesday   afternoon's  free time we could visit the Science Museum. And on Tuesday we will enjoy the London  fashion  and Leisure Show till 19.00. After  we will all  be able  to go  shopping.
I am looking forward to  receiving  your positive reply. For    further details you can contact me  by  phone   .
Yours sincerely
 Famous people. What does it  mean ?   In my opinion , these are the people   who stay  in our sight all the time . We  are   interested  in  politicians'  and film  stars'   clothes ,  hobbies , passions and    intrigues.  There are   large  numbers of    journalists following them all the time,  even in  their  private life .
In my opinion, each human being has  a   right  to be free. We can go for a  walk , go shopping ,  go to the cinema,  get   married  or  divorced . Why  can't famous people  do all  these  things? Why  must everybody  know and  talk  about their private life? The most important thing  is  that    famous people are also normal people  like  us. They live  like  us, they  breathe  and eat  like  us, they even  fall  in love  like  us. I think   they  should  have a normal   private life without journalists following them all the time and without any  exact  details about them  appearing  in the different  newspapers'   curiouses .
Dear Mr Robertson,
We would like to thank you for all the time you have  spent     in order to organize the programme that we  will  follow during  the  three days that we are going to  spend   in  London.
We all believe that  it  is a great programme ,  which  includes  both  education  and free time.
We would like to inform you that we  have seen  an advertisement for the London  Fashion  and Leisure Show. This show is going to take place in the Central Exhibition Hall of London on Tuesday, March 14 ,  between the hours 10.00-19.00, and we would like to ask you if it is possible to go to that show.
We think that  this  is a great opportunity and we are all very  interested   in   going  because we can see there the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  a lot of   different  kinds of  make-up  and some    famous  hairstylists . The show is  absolutely  free for students.
As a class we suggest  going  to this show on Tuesday, March 14 ,   in the  morning ,  and  visiting  the Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon during our free time. If that    is possible.
We  would  all like to thank you again.
In the year 2000  the  media is one of the most powerful things on the planet. The media is everywhere . Television , radio stations, newspapers,  and  magazines all have one goal, to inform the citizens.
Some of them, however ,  are not doing their job probably. They don't  provide people with  news, education or documentaries. They just  publish   gossip  about famous people, such as politicians, musicians and film stars.
I believe all    people ,  famous or not, deserve to have  a  private life without journalists    following them all the time. They are humans like all of us ,  with their problems, their good and bad times ,  and of course they don't want     to publish  them in front of millions of people because a journalist thought that this  would be  right , and  good for his pocket.
I think the only way of  changing  that is    if  the people  show  no interest  because then  the journalist would have no  reason      to publish  any  gossip  because  it   would not be   watched  or read by anyone. So the power is  (to*/with)  the people.
Dear Mr Robertson,
On behalf of my class, I am writing to request  a  few changes in our London programme which has already been planned.
My friends have seen an advertisement which is  for  the London  Fashion and Leisure Show .  It  will be held on 14th March. We have decided it would be more interesting to see the latest fashions,  make-up ,  and  hairstyles  than  going to do shopping. We would suggest  going  to this   fabulous   show.  It  is also free of charge for students.
We will be given a great opportunity to have fun and look around in London. We    all thank you for the organised programme.
I apologise  for  any inconvenience that this  causes  you. We would be pleased if you could make a new arrangement in your programme
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
CAN YOU IMAGINE THE NEW    HOUSE?
We spend most of our life in our houses. We like them  to show  our  lifestyle  and of course feel    comfortable.
I can imagine in the future how it would be .  It would be much  more  technological  and  far less complex.  It  could be as simple as we think   but the  imagine  of the  lifestyle  depends on  the  person.
On the other hand, it would not be changed. Somehow I could say that the main  appliances  would  retain  the same working structure.  it only just might be changed the design of things  such as a triangular talking oven. Despite being used in many ways, it could  entertain  us as well.
On balance I would accept whatever could make my life easier   to live. I wouldn't mind having things talking    around me.  It  would be enjoyable to have virtual friends in my house. Although I imagine  them   in  my house in my future, I am sure I would be  surprised   if  I had them.
Dear Mr Robertson,
First of all, I am writing to thank you for organising  the  school's trip to London. The programme seems to be really interesting, especially visiting the Science Museum.
However, the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show, which is going to take place on  the  14th of March at  the  Central Exhibition Hall. Visitors will be able to see the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear and also get some help with  make-up  or  hairstyles .
It would be  a  great opportunity to see this show, because we are all very interested in  the   subject of fashion . What is more,  admission  for students is free.
Do you think that it would be possible to change the programme of our trip?
In our opinion we could  attend  the show on Tuesday, after visiting the Science Museum. It would not be a problem to go shopping on Wednesday in our free time.
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely,
Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time.
 These  days, when we can see  a  picture of  a  famous person  on the front page of almost every  newspaper, it's  quite a  common topic <NS type="M"></NS>.
First of all, I think that famous people deserve to have  a  private life. Journalists should not follow them all the time, trying to  get  an interview or  take  an 'interesting' picture.
Secondly, I can really understand how annoying or depressing it can be. I think that deep inside famous  people  are just ordinary people and like    all of us ,  having a private life is important for  their  psychological  condition .
On the other hand, we could say that they decided to have  this  kind of life. Maybe they need to pay the price for being rich and popular? Maybe sometimes they need to sacrifice their privacy?
In conclusion, I think that it is very hard to find an answer to this question. However, everyone needs to  keep  some part of his life       secret.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I'm writing to you to thank you for    organising our programme for a trip to London .  I'm  a  student at  the  College of Economics and I  have been  chosen to write to you about this matter.
Our class really appreciate  your  preparing this programme, especially  with regard to  Monday's   attraction  . We are  extremely  interested in  visiting  London.  Sightseeing  by bus  will  be a great  opportunity  for us to  get to know   the wonderful capital better . Although we are excited about the  scientic , I would like  to ask you    if it would be possible to change our schedule a little bit. In  the  last edition of 'London's Guide' we saw an advert  (of*/for)  'The London  Fashion  and Leisure Show', which will be held on Tuesday and it  lasts  from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. The offer  mentions   the  'latest  fashions ', which we are  incredibly  interested in. In addition it  recommends  also  the  'Leisure and Sports Wear'.  The things  which attract us the most are   ' Make-up ' and 'Hairstyles'. We strongly recommend it, because students' admission is free. I'm convinced that you  will agree  with us and we  will attend  this show.
We would be terribly grateful   if you  agreed with  our  suggestion .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
 Nowadays  famous people don't have an easy life. They are always   attracted   by naughty journalists, which have  a   desire  to earn big money for writing an  extremely  good report   or article.
To begin with, we enjoy reading  gossip  about famous stars and politicians, although they sometimes aren't  true . In addition we are fascinated  (in*/by)  their  marriages , children, holidays etc. What is more it was their own choice to become popular and  well known .  When   choosing  this style of life they should realise    what their life would be like .
On the other hand, their life has no  privacy . In spite of being incredibly famous, they might feel very  anxious  and lonely. They are always under  great  pressure in their  everyday  life, because they are afraid of being  recognised .
Some people may argue, but I think   that  politicians  and  film stars  belong to the public. In conclusion, I  believe  that we have  a  right to be informed about their  lives , providing that journalists respect some important rules.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
I, as a head member of the students who participate in this year's trip to London, would like to thank you for the excellence of the programme you have  planned  for us.
 In particular , I would have to name the great opportunity you offer to us with the visit to the National Art Gallery which is one of the most important art galleries  in  the world.
 London being  one of the most multicultural, multiracial cities, we cannot avoid the fact that  in  these days The London Fashion And Leisure Show takes place in the Central Exhibition Hall (Tuesday March 14th) 10:00-19:00.).
Based on this I would like to suggest minor changes  (in*/to)  the fabulous Programme you have offered. These changes will not affect the  contents  of the programme itself.
The suggestion is to move the Tuesday shopping to Wednesday afternoon, which is free, and place there the visit to the London Fashion And Leisure Show, that is, on Tuesday afternoon.
I also would like to remark that this change does not  increase  the cost of the trip, because the London Fashion And Leisure Show is free for students.
I want to thank you ,  Sir ,  for your time.
Best Regards,
The London Trip Group
"It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it." Nowadays I remember those exciting days in which danger  was  knocking at your door every day. It was 20 years ago  and  we  had been  friends since  we were  10. In those days we  decided  to be friends forever and work for    NASA.
I remember it as if it were yesterday. We were both 18, and we had the university access test already done. The problem was that both of us wanted to go to the same university, the NASA university in Houston (Texas). Of course we hadn't got enough points in the test to do it   .
So,    we decide to access our  school's  Main database and change our test results. This way we could obtain  rare  places at NASA university.
The task was not easy,  (with*/at)  18 you don't know too much about cryptographic  algorithms  and databases but anyway we decided to do it . There  was nothing to lose.
It took us two weeks to modify the results in a very complex operation in which we should take care of  hiding  all our fingerprints.
The  operation  was successful. Both of us went to the NASA university and nowadays we work for the CIA developing secure  systems  and new  encryption  algorithms.
Dear Mr Robertson , 
I'm  writing  to you to thank you for  the   excellent  programme  (of*/for)  our English class in London, especially for  the  river trip to Greenwich . It  will be a great experience for us. But the students in our class have seen an  advertisement  for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show" ,   which will  take place in  the  Central Exhibition Hall, London, on Tuesday March 14 from 10.00 to 19.00 . At  the same time we have to go to the Science Museum but we would all like to go to the show. It will be very interesting for us to see the latest fashions,  make-up ,  and  hairstyles and we can speak to English people and make new friends. There is one more advantage: it is free for students. So we would like to suggest    how the programme could be changed.
First of all on Tuesday we  will all  go to the show and spend  all day there , but on Wednesday in the afternoon when we have  some  free time we can go to the Science Museum ,  if you don't mind, of course.
Please let us know   as soon as you make your  decision . With best wishes, your student.
 The  Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie
Dear Lucas!
Thank you very much for your letter .  I was glad to get it and  get  a lot of news about you.
First of all I want to  wish your cousin a happy fifteenth birthday  and  wish   her  all the best. I hope that it will be  a  good holiday for her, her family and friends.
Now about your questions, it is very difficult for me to give any advice    about it .  I don't know your cousin very well so I don't know what she prefers reading. But when I was fifteen my favourite book  was  " The  Best Detective Stories of Agatha Christie". So I can  recommend  you  give   her  this book, because it is  a  very interesting,  amusing , sometimes dramatic and  mysterious  book. This book  helps  us to  improve  our  logic , mind,  and  memory and it teaches the reader not to lie,  to be  more honest with other people and pay attention  (for*/to)  the smallest details in our life because sometimes  that  can help us very very much.
So I hope I  have helped  you.
Write  to  me as soon as you can.
With best wishes,  yours 
Dear Mr Robertson
I'm writing to you concerning the London trip that my English class is going to  go on  in March.
First of all I want to thank you for the  excellent  programme that you  arranged  for my class in such a short time. The students are especially    happy about the visit to the Science Museum, which we are going to  make  on  Tuesday  morning  (of*/on)  14th March.
The point of my letter is that  the  students in my class have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and they would appreciate  it  if they could go and see the show.
The show is going to include  the  latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles and best of all it is free for students to get in.
The only problem is that the show is going to take place on  Tuesday     14th March, so I'm wondering if you can make some changes  (in*/to)  your programme. My class think that it is a great opportunity for them to see the show, because  Tuesday  is the last day that the show is going to be  showed .
We suggest  swapping  shopping on  Tuesday   with the  free time on Wednesday, so we can see the show on  Tuesday  afternoon.
 I hope  that this matter  isn't  going to cause you any problems and we hope for an answer as soon as possible.
Thank you
The home of the  Future 
In what ways do you think people's homes will be different in the future?
That is  a  question   which many people ask themselves and other people quite often.
 Technology  is changing very fast and at the same  time  as I'm writing my article about the future maybe technologists have made a new  oven  which  co-operates  with your refrigerator and has     a   program  to make dinner for you every day without    you  having  to do anything.
What about rooms which can  sense  your mood and  act   according to  that ? If  you are tired for example then your stereo might put some relaxing  music  on and turn down the light a little bit.  The next  step might be a robot   which would do all your housework, but what would  happen  to the people?
I think that everyone should  think not  just about the positive  side   (with*/of)   technology  but also the negative.
 Technology  is good as long as it gives people more free time, but what would  happen  if  free time  became your life?
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to  you  about the trip  (in*/to)  London.
Thanks for your programme, we are all  especially looking forward to     Monday 13 March because we will  see  all the  monuments  in London.
However, we have got a suggestion: we saw an  advertisement  for "the London Fashion and Leisure Show" which is going to be on Tuesday March 14 from 10:00 to 19:00.
For all of us, it  sounds  like a great opportunity because we  thought  that this event would  teach us  about the way of life in London    and      English  style....
Moreover, the big advantage is that it is a free show so you will not have to worry about the budget.
Our request is to change the programme, either you can cancel  all the Tuesday  and we can enjoy all the exhibition or if you cannot cancel the Museum, we can go there right after because we will have  plenty  of time to  go  shopping during our free time on Wednesday.
Hoping that you will think about it carefully because we are all very  excited .
thanks in advance
Yours  sincerely 
 Since always, medias has been keen of famous people life  and it's becoming  worse  and  worse , you can find everything in "gossip"  newspapers .  Do  famous people deserve to keep their  private  life secret?
 In my opinion , you  don't  deserve to have a private life when you're famous because when  you   start   your  career you know that  the   media  will be hunting you everywhere and  the  more famous you get  the   worse  it is going to be because that  is  the  lifestyle  people  want  to know everything  about , for instance, about their favourite actor or about their president.    They  saw them many  times  on T.V. or  in   the   cinema  .  So people wonder about them. And famous people like it because if you're a star or whatever ,  it's because you like to show yourself.
 Therefore , even if I agree sometimes  the   media   go  too far and write really bad things ,  if you're famous you cannot have  a  private life because all of this is a part of  your  job.
And if  the   media  are too awful they have got  the  law to protect  themselves .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing about our class trip to London. First of all, I appreciate  your  well-organised programme, especially    the  "River Trip to Greenwich" which we requested. It  will  be the most  exciting  activity  (in*/on)  this trip.
However, I saw the advertisement  (of*/for)  "THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW" in the newspaper today, and told all  our  classmates about it. We are very interested in going  to  this show. So I would like to suggest you  change     part of  the  programme  so we can   visit  this show.
This show  will be  held in  the  Central Exhibition Hall, London on Tue. 14, March, and  is  open from 10:00 to 19:00. We can see the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up , and hairstyles which we will learn  about  next term. Therefore, I think it is  a  great idea to visit the show for our  education . Furthermore,     admission  is free for students.
Unfortunately, our  programme  is fixed but I think we could change    part of the programme. For example, "shopping on 14   March' can be changed to 15   March instead of "Free time". So we will be able to use the time  (at*/in)  the afternoon on 14   March for visiting the show.
I hope that you  will  give us an opportunity to visit the show. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours Sincerely,
Some people  have said  that famous people such as politicians, and film stars,  need  to have a private life without journalists following them all the time. I strongly agree with this. Firstly, most people  can  remember the sad story of "Princess Diana" . She  died in Paris  a  few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called " Paparazzi ". If she  had not been  followed by journalists, she wouldn't  have died . So, this fact shows obviously that famous people without  a  private life  can   become      victims .
But on the other hand, ordinary people, including me, are keen on watching film stars or super models   . Moreover, people are interested in their  lifestyle . I think that is the reason why journalists are still chasing famous people after "Princess Diana's" accident.
However, secondly, famous people are not " alien " so    they might do something, for example,  shameful  things in  a  public space ,  or  argue  with  a  partner or family ,  even put on  a  swimming costume like us. So they can be just  ordinary  people like us. We have to think about  it  this way.
Overall, people should think  about what it would be like  if we were famous people... and then we can find the answer that all people, including famous people, need  a  private life and would like to  have   an   ordinary  life.
Dear Mr. Robertson,
We would like to thank you for this London trip and your programme  for  it. It is  a  really good programme,  and   in particular  visiting  the  Science Museum and  the  National Art Gallery would be  a  great opportunity to learn about art and  the   the  latest  advances  in science.
However, my classmates and I saw the advertisement    regarding the London fashion and leisure show, which is enclosed, and want to take this opportunity to visit it, if you allow us.
It takes place in  the  Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday 14 March. It will be  a  great opportunity because it is free for students and we will be able to see the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear, new hairstyles and  make-up    .
Although according to your programme, we will be visiting  the  Science Museum in the morning and shopping in the afternoon, we would like to make a suggestion which can  allow  us to  do  both. Would it be possible to visit  the  Science Museum and go shopping in our free time on Wednesday in the afternoon,  and  instead of  that  to go to the London fashion and leisure show, because it is between 10.00 and 19.00 hours.
Thanking  you  in advance, we very much hope that you will give your attention to our  request .
We look forward to hearing from you  regarding  this matter.
Yours sincerely,
One of the most important  aims  of the media is to inform people  about  famous people such as politicians, films stars or successful musicians. In order to  fulfil  their readers' requirements they  constantly  follow them. This kind of people are known as paparazzi.
 It  is not important whether they are working for  media foundation  or not . They  just try to find the best  pose . After taking their pictures  in the way that these famous people would not allow them , they sell the pictures and make a fortune without asking their permission. This is the most  contentious  point. Do they have to ask for their permission or not ? 
However, if they  asked , obviously they  could not  take the kind of pictures   which show them naked or when they are having  a  shower.  Maybe  they  would  have to pay for  these   kinds  of pictures.
On the other hand, famous people have  a  point   if they do not allow  the   paparazzi  to take their pictures , because     although  they are famous they  also have  their private life. Unless they do not want to share it,  we must accept this . I think the best example would be Lady Diana. It was said that  they had that accident while they were trying to escape from the paparazzi , which  ended     their lives. This  should not  be the way  in finding information for the readers .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I'm writing  to  you because I  have been asked  to make a little suggestion about the programme  you  have organised  (to*/for)  our English class  trip .
First of all, thank you for the programme, we think it is very good, especially the river trip to  Greenwich , we believe we will enjoy  it  a lot going to  Greenwich . Moreover, in our opinion, this  trip  is going to be very interesting for us.
On the other hand, we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure  Show  and we would all like to go the show. We think it is a good opportunity because  London  fashion is the most important  (over*/in)  the world, and we all  will learn  a lot about London style going to this show.
We think we could  change   the   shopping  <NS type="MN"></NS>     to go  to the show. The show is free, and it is only on Tuesday 14th of March. It is open from 10.00 until 19.00, and we could go there  (on*/in)  the afternoon.
Thank you for your attention.
We are looking forward to your answer,
Yours sincerely
Thinking about the media's treatment of famous people, I've realised    some things.
 In my view  the media's treatment of famous people is very bad. The  media  are looking forward to  creating  great expectations about famous people. They are not trying to give information, they are only looking to get money, and to entertain the public.
On the other hand, if the  media  are acting in that way  it  is because of    society.  It is society   that  increases the audience of the media, if nobody  paid  attention to the famous  people's  private  lives , this treatment would finish.
But in my opinion, before you get famous you know  what  are the consequences. As in another <unknown/> you may know what could happen.
To sum up, there is no  perfect job , and  being  famous involves a  lot   of  money, but also a lot of  journalists  following your private life.
DECEMBER 12TH
PRINCIPAL MR. ROBERTSON
DEAR SIR,
I WANT TO  THANK  YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAMME FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US  (TO*/ON)  THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH. I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF THERE IS ANY CHANCE OF CHANGING THE PROGRAMME BECAUSE WE HAVE FOUND A VERY INTERESTING ACTIVITY TO DO ON TUESDAY 14 MARCH. IT  INVOLVES  VISITING THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW  (IN*/AT)  THE CENTRAL EXHIBITION HALL. I THINK IT'S A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE GREATER USE OF OUR KNOWLEDGE OF  THE  ENGLISH LANGUAGE.  ALSO , WE COULD LEARN THE DIFFERENT WAYS TO GET TO THE CENTRAL EXHIBITION HALL.
I SUGGEST THAT WE SHOULD GO TO THE NATIONAL ART GALLERY IN THE MORNING AND INSTEAD OF HAVING THE AFTERNOON FREE WE COULD GO TO THE FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW.
I WILL BE  WAITING  ANXIOUSLY FOR YOUR RESPONSE.
YOURS FAITHFULLY
(FAMOUS PEOPLE, SUCH AS POLITICIANS AND FILM STARS, DESERVE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE WITHOUT JOURNALISTS FOLLOWING THEM ALL THE TIME)
FAMOUS PEOPLE SUCH AS SINGERS, FILM STARS, ETC ,  ARE ALWAYS THE CENTRE OF ATTENTION. AS SOME OF THEM ARE CONSIDERED IDOLS, THEIR FANS WANT TO KNOW HOW THEY  BEHAVE  IN THEIR PRIVATE LIVES, WITH THEIR FAMILY OR FRIENDS. AS A RESPONSE TO THIS DEMAND  (OF*/FOR)  INFORMATION, JOURNALISTS FOLLOW FAMOUS PEOPLE DAY AND NIGHT IN MANY DIFFERENT WAYS, FOR EXAMPLE, CHASING THEIR CARS, TAKING PHOTOGRAPHS OR BREAKING INTO THEIR HOUSES WHILE THEY ARE ON  HOLIDAY .
THIS SITUATION AFFECTS FAMOUS  PEOPLE  BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE  ANY  PRIVACY . 
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS THAT, ALTHOUGH THEY ARE FAMOUS, THEY ARE JUST NORMAL PEOPLE THAT DESERVE TO HAVE A PRIVATE LIFE WITHOUT JOURNALISTS AND FANS FOLLOWING THEM ALL THE TIME, AND ON THE OTHER HAND PEOPLE HAVE TO LEARN TO RESPECT THE  THE RIGHT OF THE FAMOUS  TO KEEP THEIR PERSONAL LIVES    SECRET.
IN MY OPINION FAMOUS PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAMOUS THAT ,  IN SOME  CASES , COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY.
Dear Mr Robertson
Our class is looking forward to going to London next week.  We find the programme which you've organised  very interesting ,  especially the river trip to Greenwich. Thank you very much for it.
There is only one thing that we'd like to change, if you wouldn't mind. We've read an advertisement about  the  London Fashion and Leisure Show which will take place on Tuesday, March 14 from  10.00  to  19.00 . The latest fashions will be shown there and many useful tips about make-up and hairstyles will be given.
According  to your  programme we have  some  free time on Wednesday, March 15. So we'd like to go to a disco and this fashion show would be a great opportunity for us to learn something about styling. As we are from  a  small town we don't have any  opportunity  to learn about this.
We suggest  visiting  the Science Museum on Monday after the sightseeing tour by bus. We think we'll  have  one free hour  before  the River trip. It would be a good solution. We hope you    agree with us.
Your class
In every country there are    famous people who are    the  centre  of    public attention. They are always expected to be beautiful, intelligent, good-looking. This is very stressful.
That's why it's very important for these people to have a private life without journalists where they can relax and where they don't need to be superstars.
To have a private life is the natural desire of everyone and the famous film stars  and  politicians have a right  (for*/to)   one . Otherwise they can  suffer   soul  problems,  and  fall  (in*/into)  deep  depression .
I think that it must be awful to know that you are observed by journalists or other people, your fans for example ,     24 hours    a day, and  all the  things you do in your life are published and the whole world knows who  your friends are , where you go shopping, who you love    and who you sleep with.  In my opinion  this is the worst thing that can ever happen.
I think we should have a little bit  of  respect for    famous people and  leave  them some time for their private  lives .
To Mr Robertson,
Firstly, I would like to thank you for the programme that you  have provided . It  is   a  very good programme, especially the river trip to Greenwich, which I am sure the whole class  will  enjoy.
However, our class has spotted an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and    all wish to attend. It will be held at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on the 14th March. It will be from 10.00 till 7.00pm. The show will be about all the latest  fashions , leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles. We would also not have to worry financially as it is free for students.
This will be a great opportunity for us because we will be able to find out more about the people of London and their fashions and style . We  might also get a  chance  to meet new people and  interact  with them. The whole class is also very excited about this fashion show and would really appreciate your giving them a  chance  to go.
I have a few  suggestions  on how the programme could be changed to fit the London Fashion and Leisure Show in . We could do as planned for Monday and move going to the Science Museum from Tuesday to Wednesday afternoon. We would have to forgo the shopping as we might not have enough time and the exchange rate might be too high for us to do much shopping. We can ,  however ,  go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show.
Lastly, I would be very grateful if you could give us your permission to go to the show. I hope you  will  consider this matter. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
 Every day , something changes and we become more modern . Companies  use computers instead of books,  dentists  use modernized  electric   tools  instead of just a  pair of   pliers  . Even  homes are  affected . From letters to emails, from gas stoves to electric stoves and microwaves . But  we aren't just going to stop here are we? No, in the future, the present will be the past and  those  things now new to  us  will be old, outdated and changed.
I see a very different home for us in the future. Most things will be computerised. We might even be using voice identification and fingerprints instead of keys. We  can turn  on and off lights with touch pads and remote  controls . We might even be able to open the door without  leaving     the living room. Cameras will be something usual in every house instead of that little peephole in your door.
Although all that may  happen  our houses may be still the same. The rooms and  sizes  should remain as  they   were  and the living rooms and  everything  may still be decorated in the same style. We might still  like  that old carpet and couch. The furniture should not change that much on the outside and the  number  of rooms should not change  either .
In the future, every child might have a laptop. And instead of going to school, why not let school come to you? We will be learning at home using computers and  discs .  They will never have  to leave the house or wake up so early. Another way our home could be different in the future is probably the  utilities  we  will be  using. We might not need maids to do housework anymore as they can easily be replaced with a robot, a machine, or something  else  with the same purpose.
Our homes will still be the same in terms of the  cuisine  . It  will still be filled with vegetables and meat. This is because people won't  give up  the great taste of food . Although  it could be  substituted   (to*/with)  a vitamin pill or two.
Lastly, I think that all  these  changes won't really be noticed as we change  things  daily and slowly instead  of   abruptly . People will be able to adjust and change with the times.
DEAR MR ROBERTSON
I AM WRITING    WITH REFERENCE  (IN*/TO)  THE LONDON TRIP WE ARE  MAKING   VERY  SOON.
I AM WRITING  (IN*/ON)   BEHALF  OF MY GROUP, AND ALL OF US WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR  TAKING  US ABROAD.
WE  HAVE SEEN  THE ACTIVITIES  PROGRAMME  ALREADY AND WE THINK  IT  IS EXCITING, ESPECIALLY THE VISIT TO THE SCIENCE MUSEUM. AT THE SAME TIME ,  WE WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU SOMETHING.
 THE LONDON FASHION AND LEISURE SHOW IS GOING TO BE  ON THE 14TH OF MARCH, FROM 10.00 TO 19.00. WE ARE  REALLY   INTERESTED  IN THIS SHOW.  EVEN THOUGH  YOUR  PROGRAMME  IS PERFECT ,  WE  WOULD  PREFER TO GO THERE.
 WOULD  YOU PLEASE BE SO KIND  AS   TO CHANGE  SOME OF THE ACTIVITIES THAT  ARE PLANNED ?
WE THINK  IT  IS A  GREAT   OPPORTUNITY , BECAUSE AS YOU KNOW, WE DON'T HAVE  ACCESS  TO THAT KIND OF  SHOW  IN THIS CITY.
IN CASE YOU DECIDE TO CHANGE THE  PROGRAMME , WE SUGGEST  GOING TO THE SHOW ON TUESDAY  AND ON  WEDNESDAY  ,   INSTEAD   OF  FREE TIME,  VISITING  THE SCIENCE MUSEUM.  THOUGH WE DONT HAVE SHOPPING AND FREE TIME .
WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD  (FOR*/TO)  YOUR ANSWER.
 YOURS   SINCERELY  , 
"THE RIGHT PERSON"
MAY 29, 1997. IT WAS MY FIRST TIME IN LONDON. THAT NIGHT ,  I WENT TO A PUB IN BAYSWATER. WHEN THEY CLOSED ,  I TOOK THE  NUMBER  7 BUS.
I WAS LIVING QUITE  CLOSE  TO PORTOBELLO ROAD BUT I DIDN'T KNOW  THE AREA VERY WELL  BECAUSE ALL  THE  TIME I JUST HAD TO GET OFF  (IN*/AT)  THE  CORNER  OF MY  STREET . BUT THAT DAY,  AS  I WAS KIND OF DRUNK, I DIDN'T REALISE THAT THE BUS TOOK A DIFFERENT  ROUTE  .  SO ,  WHEN I NOTICED IT ,  THE DRIVER WAS ALREADY ASKING ME TO GET OFF, BECAUSE WE  WERE  IN THE GARAGE IN PORTOBELLO. I TOLD HIM   I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE I WAS ,  BUT HE JUST  SAID  SORRY.
I WAS  REALLY   SCARED . THERE WERE SOME PEOPLE  AROUND  BUT I WAS AFRAID TO ASK THEM THE WAY   .
 FINALLY  I ASKED A BOY AND HE SAID "I'LL TELL YOU WHERE  THE PLACE YOU ARE LOOKING FOR IS , JUST FOLLOW ME".
IT WAS DANGEROUS, BUT I KNEW I HAD TO DO IT.  AFTER FILLOWING HIM  FOR  10 MINUTES , I  STARTED   TO RECOGNISE  THE PLACE, AND I WAS  FEELING  MORE  COMFORTABLE .
HE TOOK ME RIGHT  (IN*/TO)   THE  FRONT OF MY HOUSE. I  THANKED  HIM  VERY  MUCH, AND I WAS SO HAPPY THAT I ASKED    THE RIGHT PERSON AND NOTHING  BAD   HAPPENED  TO ME.
Dear Mr Robertson,
Firstly, I'm writing to thank you  for  the great opportunity you  are giving  us, especially in  planning  all this programme in  such  an    accurate  way. I think that this programme  is      well-organised , as you know,  because  we have enough time to visit plenty of local interest points. But   I was wondering,  as  a student of this college, if we  could  change part of this programme ... we'd like to go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It takes place on Tuesday 14th and begins at ten o'clock. In this way, we can go to visit the Science Museum earlier in the morning and  then    we can go to the show.
 From  my point of view, we are very interested in the latest fashions like    leisure  wear ,  sportswear ,  make-up , hairstyles, you know ... I strongly believe that we will be  in the best city and at the right time  to appreciate it. Please let me know if you    agree with us! Oh I forgot about  something !  Also , this show is  free  (another  positive  point).
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
FANCY GETTING TO KNOW THE FUTURE?
Do you think you've  got  the future in your hands? Do you think we're living like  in   olden  times? Would you like  to live  in a modern way? What do you expect  (about*/in)  the future? Can you compare it ...? Are you afraid?
Well, you can look at your house ... Nowadays, we have all  kinds  of instruments  (to*/for)  washing up the dishes,  for   cooking  to be more  convenient , for example ,  the TV, the video recorder, etc.
Maybe, in a few  years'   time  we'll have a bigger TV, a more suitable radio but,  in my opinion , I think these facts will not change  our  way of     life . We will be able to  speed up  the  running  of     computer  games ,  for example... But not in  any  strange way you can imagine...I mean I don't think we'll change cars  (by*/into)   aeroplanes ...
 Therefore , you have to be calm because ,  as you know ,     things are developing  and  in the same way  you're  changing, too. In conclusion, I strongly believe that    the house of the future will be the house of a new  awareness  . It  will be a very  positive  point for opening  up  our  lives . So, we have the future in our hands! Think about it.
12.12.2000
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to ask permission to go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show. I would be very  grateful  if you could let us  go   to  the show.
I would like to give you some details about the show that I saw  in   an  advertisement yesterday. It is  (in*/at)  the Central Exhibition Hall in London. It starts at 10.00 am and finishes  at  19.00 pm. The date of the show is    Tuesday  the  14th of March. It  will be   a  really great opportunity to go to the show when we are in London. We would like to go there because it is very popular nowadays. I've heard that  the  Leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles are really wonderful. It is also free for students. We all know that you  have organised  everything. However, we can change the programme. Here are some suggestions that I would like to let you  have . We have  some  free  time  on Wednesday  the  15th of March in the afternoon so we can go to the Science Museum on Wednesday. We can also do  our  shopping quickly after sightseeing  (of*/in)  London.
I would be very pleased if you let us  go  to the show. I also would like to say thank you for organising  an   excellent   programme  for us. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
A DAY  (OF*/IN)  MY LIFE
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
That day, I got up early because I hadn't slept very well. I checked everything again and again. I was afraid     to do  it but I had to do it. It was the first time I had robbed a bank. I was her best friend. I promised her  I would   find   the  money for her operation. She was at the hospital and she was really bad.
 At that  time, I couldn't imagine how my life would change. After I had had my breakfast I put my clothes on. I didn't want anybody to recognise me. Despite feeling really bad I left home. I got into my car and started it. When I arrived  at  the bank I got out of the car and went into the bank. I told everybody to lie down. They did it. I asked  the  cashier to give me all  the  money. Before I took  the  money one of the  cashiers  had pressed a button to call  the  police. I quickly left  the  bank.
However, it didn't take long  for them   to catch  me   . The policeman arrested me and I  was  in    prison for 15 years. The worst thing was my friend died  10 days after  I was arrested.
Dear Mr. Robertson
First of all I would like to thank you for organizing this trip to London, and for taking care of the programme. It is a very good  schedule , especially because you have considered different activities for us.
However, we saw an advertisement, and we are keen on the idea of going to the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It will take place on Tuesday March 14th at the Central Exhibition Hall, from 10.00 to 19.00.
Personally, I think it  could  be a great opportunity because it is something we all want to  attend    , and we are all  interested   (of*/in)  the latest fashion. We noticed that it is free for students ,  so the price of the trip will not rise.
We discussed    the programme, and because the show will take the whole day, we would not mind going to the Science Museum on  Wednesday  instead of having free time all afternoon.
I am looking forward to having your answer.
Yours  sincerely 
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. It was a new challenge, and not only for me, but for everyone there. Nobody thought I was capable of doing it.
I wasn't sure of what to do, and the pressure of everyone watching me   was driving me mad.
Finally, I managed to move my right foot closer to the edge. I could  hear  the crowd shouting 'Go,  go '. That was my only chance.   Only  a  few more seconds, otherwise my  turn  would be over.
I didn't even think of  looking  down. I was already paralysed, and that wouldn't help me at all.
Then, by some 'strange power' ,  my left foot was moving and I wanted to stop it, but it was too difficult.
The clock was running..  tick ,  tock ... And suddenly everything stopped. I felt an  enormous  peace. Somehow I managed to jump out of the airplane and I was flying!
Those minutes   up in the air, feeling the wind in my face, were fantastic....And then I was terrified when I couldn't open the parachute!  Fortunately , I wasn't alone.
Dear Mr Robertson,
First of all, I would like to thank you for the  wonderful  programme you  have organised  for our trip to London, especially because we will have both cultural trips and  entertainment , like shopping. I can tell you that we are all looking forward to going there.
However, I have been asked by the class to propose  another visit to you . We  would all  like to go and see the London Fashion and Leisure Show which will take place on Tuesday 14th March, from 10.00 to 19.00, in    London's Central  Exhibition  Hall. This show is about the latest fashions,    leisure and sports wear,    make-up and    hairstyles.
Everybody in the class is interested in this show, and it would be a great opportunity for us to see it, especially because many of us would like to work later in the fashion  industry . Moreover, this show won't cost anything because it is free for    students!
Consequently, I  propose   we   change  the programme as follows :  on Tuesday afternoon, instead of shopping, we could go to this show and we could go shopping on Wednesday afternoon, during our free time. What do you think about that?
Hoping to hear  (from*/of)  your decision soon.
Yours sincerely,
(class 3CD)
"Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time."
Nowadays, most people think that famous people have  such a  good life ( with  lots of money, comfortable  houses   etc ) that they have to stop complaining about  the  media's treatment <NS type="M"></NS>, because they have chosen to have this kind of life.
On  the  one hand, it is true because famous people have to do their jobs, that means being interviewed, giving news to the  public , and  so on . Moreover, especially  (for*/with)  film stars, lots of people are hoping to see them on the  TV  or in the newspapers, and this is really good for their  careers .
However, on the other hand, it must be so annoying to be followed by journalists or  photographers  all the time. You can't go outside  in peace , and there is  always  a  crowd  of people who  stand  in front of your house waiting for you.
The question you have to ask yourself is: would you like to have  people around your house all the time     watching    you or people    following you everywhere? I am sure that nobody would like this.
That is why I think that famous people deserve a private life, like everybody  else , and that journalists should not follow them everywhere.
Dear Mr Robertson
I am writing to request your permission for us to visit the London Fashion and Leisure Show on 14th March.
First of all, I would like to say thank    you for this good programme, especially  for  the decision       to visit    London. All of us     appreciate     this opportunity , because  most students have never been to London before . Also  we  can  visit some famous places which we  want  to go  to .
However, we would be grateful if you would arrange a time to visit the show  as well . This show takes place at  the  Central Exhibition Hall on Tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00.  (In*/At)  this show, not only can we see  the  latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and hairstyles, but we  can also  enter for free. Moreover some students think that they would like to do fashion studies in future. If you    accept and wouldn't mind this idea, we would like to visit it instead of shopping in the afternoon on Tuesday.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Nowadays, quite a few famous people suffer  in  their private life from disturbers such as journalists or reporters. I would like to  discuss  how  the  media  affect     famous people.
 A few  years ago, we had  the  terrible news of  the  death of Lady Diana. She was always  being   pursued  by  the  media. She had no private life even though she wanted to be alone. Finally, after  being chased  for  a  long time, she was  killed   in   a  car accident. It must be a good example of  a  media disaster. I understand she had a good reason to be chased by it. However ,  she  definitely   deserved  to have a private life as  a  citizen. Human  rights  must  exist  for all people.
On the other hand, there are  a  few famous people  who  desire to be watched by  the  media. If  the  media stopped focusing  on   these  people, they would think  that  they  have been  put in a bin like rubbish. Moreover, many people love to watch a gossip programme on TV or <NS type="M"></NS> in a magazine. It is one    of fun in our life.
On balance,
Dear Mr Robertson,
 First , all the students and I would  like   to thank  you for this great idea of a trip  (in*/to)  London  (during*/for)  three days. The programme is very  exciting  and interesting, especially the river trip to Greenwich.
 Otherwise , all the class have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show", and we are all interested  in   seeing  this show, this is why I am writing to you.
In fact this is a great opportunity because we certainly will not have again the chance to take part in a live show, like this one.  Even more ,    students don't pay the  entrance fee .
The show is on the 14th from 10.00 to 19.00, so I suggest  going  to the Science Museum  (on*/in)  the afternoon  (of*/on)  Wednesday, and just  having  two or three  hours'  free time after the museum. This is the arrangement that we   founded   with the other students and everyone  agreed .
I look forward to  hearing   some  news from you.
 Yours   sincerely ,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. The  survival  of my family depended on me. We were a poor family,  five people living in one room . My father died during the war and my mother stayed alone with four children. We  hadn't  enough money to buy food    or  new clothes and the  worst  <NS type="MN"></NS> was that my  youngest  brother was terribly ill, and without money we couldn't  take  him    to a doctor.
So,  one  day I decided to  rob  the bank.  (During*/For)  weeks, I had prepared my  plan , trying not to forget  anything  important. Everything was ready and  I   was  too. So I knew that the day after would be the  right  one.
I  got up  very early. All the city was sleeping. The weather was cold. When I arrived in front of the bank, my heart was going faster. A few days before, I had  found  a little window at the back of the building, so I entered  (by*/in)  this way and by chance I just arrived in the  vault . I  hadn't ever  seen so much money. I took it,  the most of possible  and went out    the same way. I ran to my house and went back  (in*/to)  my bed     to sleep  a little bit.
When all the family  got up , I told    the  truth  and  they  all promised to say nothing. It was our family's secret.
Dear Mr Robertson
I am writing,  on behalf of  all my English class, to thank you for the opportunity you  are giving  us to spend three days in London, but also to suggest some modifications  (in*/to)  the programme.
The programme you  have  already organised is very interesting, especially because it provides a good combination  (between*/of)  cultural visits and more relaxed activities.
But,  on the other hand , we have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show", which includes a range of different stands. The only day we can attend    this show is    Tuesday 14th March from 10 am to 7 pm in the Central Exhibition Hall.
We are really interested in visiting this  unhabitual  show and the main advantage is that    entry is free for students.
In conclusion, I suggest that we go directly  to the show after the Science Museum . We all agree that we have enough time  (in*/on)  Wednesday for shopping.
I hope that you will agree  (with*/to)  this suggestion. I am waiting for your answer.
Yours  sincerely 
Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists  following  them all the time . 
Famous people have always been the  centre  of interest for  a  number of people. Their  weddings , their  holidays , their new  haircuts  and so on. But do we think enough about the right to have a private life?
We can  consider  this problem from two different points of view.  On the one hand ,  these  people chose to become public  figures . If we don't want to be in the newspapers, we don't  go into  politics or  the  movies! But ,   on the other hand , everybody has the right to have a secret garden, the right to be with his/her family without  being  disturbed by journalists and photographers. The case of    Princess Diana showed how this problem can reach     extremes .
In conclusion, I would say that both  parties , famous people and journalists, have to respect some rules. As public people, stars and politicians have to  allot  some time to their public but fans and press people have to respect their private life and to stay polite and respectful.
Dear Mr Robertson
 On behalf of  the class I would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised, especially the idea of visiting a  gallery .
However, we have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .  It  is  on the 13th of March from 10.00 to 19.00. It is a famous exhibition, where  the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear, make-up and hairstyles are shown .
We are all very interested in the show because  English  people have a different kind of life. It is also unusual to have such a great opportunity in our country.
 Would  it be possible to cancel the museum and the shopping  time  and to replace them  (by*/with)  the London Show? We  could  go earlier to the Museum or on the 15th March instead of  in  the afternoon  during our  free time.
I hope you will consider my request.  I am  looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
My dream
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I had always wanted to swim  with  sharks.
I lived in a small village on the ocean. My father was a captain on a huge boat. When I was a child, I used to go with him travelling from  harbour  to  harbour . I grew up  through the water world  and I couldn't live  without  it.
Once I was fishing   when sharks  appeared  all around me. I got the strange feeling I could jump and follow them. Since this  famous  experience, I dreamt  about that every night .
One Saturday I got  (on*/into)  my motorboat and rode far away from the reef. My father was sitting next to me ,  thinking that I was crazy. Some minutes later I was doing it, spending time with the fish, swimming round the sharks.
I had done what I had never expected to do. Now I can die in freedom.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am Margherita X from    class 3C,  who   are  going to spend three days in London. We had the opportunity to read your programme and we are happy because it is very  well  organized. We especially like  the idea of going to  the National Art gallery. Thank you.
With this letter I would  like   to ask  you if you  would  change it because we saw in the London Advertiser an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. The  show  is  on  Tuesday, March 14th ,  from 10.00-19.00 in the Central  Exhibition  Hall. They  are   going to show   the  latest  fashions , leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and new hairstyles.
We all think that it would be a good opportunity to see this show. We are young and we  are all  interested in fashion.  It is free for students .
We thought that we could change the programme this way: we could go to the Science Museum  on  Wednesday afternoon instead of Tuesday.
I really hope that you  are   going to consider  our request.
Yours  sincerely ,
My dear brother
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. It was a normal Saturday morning. My mam was cooking and my dad was sitting in his chair reading a book. I knew that my brother was at home,  although  I didn't know where  he was .
I was doing my  homework  when I heard an explosion. I came out of my room and I saw my brother  on  fire. He was playing with fire and alcohol in the bathroom. My first reaction was to  put  him on the floor so that the fire could  be put out . He was screaming because he  was   in  such     great  pain.
We were shocked ;   none of us knew  what to do. I called a taxi because my father wasn't able to drive. We went to the hospital and they  treated  him.
He had to stay there for three long weeks. Since that bad experience he  has never played  with fire again. I really  love  my brother and I would do anything possible to save him.
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing, on behalf of the students in my class, to thank you very much for the trip to London. Besides <NS type="M"></NS> , we would like to go to the London Fashion  and  Leisure Show, which was advertised in the  "Metro" newspaper  yesterday.
This show takes place at  the  Central Exhibition Hall in London on Tuesday 14th March from 10:00 to 19:00   . All my classmates are very interested in this show, which includes  the  latest fashions,  leisure  and sports wear,  make-up , and  hair  styles. Moreover, one of the important  things  for us is that entrance    is free for students, because students are generally short of money.
We would like to suggest you change  the  shopping  trip  to Wednesday afternoon, because we have  some  free time on Wednesday afternoon.
We would be very pleased if you  would  consider our recommendation.
Yours sincerely
 A Private  Life For Everyone.
Everyone  deserves   a  private life. However ,  most famous people, for example football  players  and film stars, have not got  a   private  life.
They feel exhausted  being  followed by journalists <NS type="MY"></NS> . 
 They even  have     arguments  with journalists as they sometimes write  inaccurate   reports .
On the other hand, some people need journalists to  become  more famous, because people  who are famous can get publicity  through journalists.
 In conclusion , journalists should respect their  lives  and always write  accurate   reports .
Dear Mr. Robertson,
Thank you very much for your programme ,  but we have another plan  -  to go to the London Fashion and Leisure Show ,  which  unfortunately   is  on the same day as the day we would visit the Science Museum . So  we would like you to change the plan a little. Your programme is very good, especially  as  we can go to visit the Science Museum ,  which I heard is very good ,  but a visit to the London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a good opportunity for us to see the  latest  fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and  hairstyles  and it is free for students too. So we think we should change your programme by going to the Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon and  doing  the shopping after the show.
Thank you very much and we look forward to hearing from you.
With great respect,
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it. I  climbed  up the tree. My friend was looking at me from below. I went on climbing until I saw my friend's model aeroplane. If I hadn't borrowed it from him, I wouldn't have been  there . No, it wasn't the time to regret  it , just get it and it would be all over. I  stretched  my arm, the branch I was standing on broke and I fell down on my leg. It was  badly  hurt . My  friend rushed to me ,   then  ran back to my house and called  Mum . I can't remember anything else until I woke up at a hospital, lying on a bed with my leg in plaster. The nurse sitting beside me said to me, 'Your mother would like to have a word with you,' then she went out.  Mum  came in, looking very angry .  I prayed for a short conversation.
Dear Mr Robertson
I'm writing to you to complain about  the   three-day  programme.
Thank you very much for your  excellent  programme,  and  especially for  the   visit   to  The National Art Gallery. All our class like to see the beautiful pictures which were drawn by brilliant artists and painters.
We saw an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and our class would like to go to the show. It starts on Tuesday March 14 and we can go there instead of visiting the Science Museum or  going  shopping. Anyway we can go to the Science Museum on Wednesday afternoon because we have  some  free time.
 So   (on*/at)  this show there will be the latest fashions, leisure and sports wear,  make-up  and even  hairstyles . All  our class and I  would like to see this show.
You know what else? We don't need to pay . It's     free because we are students.
It's a great opportunity because in our  fast-developing  world we have to look fashionable and this kind of show happens quite  rarely .
I think you'll  agree that we have changed your programme .
As I said we can go to the Science Museum on Wednesday instead of having  some  free time. I'm looking forward  (of*/to)   receiving  a letter from you. Thank you very much.
 Bye 
Hello
I'm going to write about "The Home of the Future".
We can't say  for certain  how    people's homes will be different in the future but we can always imagine and  create      incredible  things about  life in the future .
Of course there will be differences between  today's  homes and    future ones. I think    houses will grow     (on*/from)  twenty floors up to the sky as more and more people will occupy  them .
I think more and more people will have at least one flat ;   it   won't  matter if you are rich or not. The rooms will be designed in a  futuristic  fashion , where there will be  less furniture and everything  will be  compact . Even   TV-sets  will be on the  ceiling . The rooms will be much bigger and wider than now, and you  will  have up to twenty rooms in your own flat, and even  be able   to switch  on the light by saying  simply  :  " Light ".
If course if you have enough money  to let  yourself  live  in such  an   apartment , then you can afford it.
Now what's going to be the same ?  Well as I said ,  if you're poor, the government  will still give  you  a  flat but  a  very ugly one, probably with rats in it.  The same problem will be with homeless people who  don't  have money at all, even to buy    food for themselves . They will have to stay on the streets as  the  streets  are  their home.
I hope and I  wish  that the future will bring us    good moments  (of*/in)  life where everybody will have  a  home and    warm, friendly family relationships.
Bye.
Sir Robertson,
We    really  appreciate   your      organising   a  very nice  programme , which  has been  organised by  you  this time.  In particular   the  River trip to Greenwich makes us very excited and we are really looking to  forward  to  this .
By the way, on  the  14th of March  the  LONDON Fashion Show and Leisure show will  be held  at  the  Central Exhibition Hall. We are very interested in this. We have a great opportunity to learn  about   the  latest  fashions  free because     we are  students.
Therefore if you could change the  programme  on 14th, we would be very happy. Could you consider this for us? We're looking  forward  to your reply.
Thank you.
 Sincerely ,
your students.
The Home of the Future.
As  a  developing modern society,  we will become to have more material than now. Invent glass was very  eventually  to architect .
 Architecture   with use of  glass   brought  us     modernism  in 1980 .
In the future we can expect  to have   a  new material and it will make our  life  more  comfortable  and  convenient . In Japan, crime  (of*/among)   minors  is increasing. It  is said  that    one of the reasons  is that a  small  separate  room makes  children  unsociable and  depressed .
Therefore Japanese  architects  consider  designing of use  a lot of   glass  as much as they can in house  and try not to create  dark separate   rooms .
 Also   as producing new  electronic  , our home of  the  future will be more  convenient . On the other hand  the  inside of the house will be  very  simple. Although  the   height  might  still be   the  same , because  human  height  won't change so much, unless 10000 years  have passed .
Dear Mr Robertson,
First of all, I would like to say thank you to you ,  Mr Robertson ,  for planning to  take us to London for three days .
Your programme looks very interesting, especially the River Trip to Greenwich, which I  have always dreamt  of.
However, we have seen an advertisement  (on*/in)   an  English magazine for the London Fashion and Leisure Show. It takes place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on Tuesday March 14 at 10.00-19.00. The show will have  the  latest fashions from  the  top fashion designers in the world.  The leisure  show will have  leisure-  and  sports-wear , new  make-up   styles  and new  hairstyles  for next year. The best thing is that it is free because we are students.
We would like to ask you whether we can change some  of the  programme. Our suggestion is that we can go shopping on Wednesday 15 March so on Tuesday afternoon we can go to The London Fashion and Leisure Show. We won't miss any  event  that you have planned and we could also have  a  great opportunity to see the show.
We're looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely .
"Famous people, such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time".
In my opinion, everybody wants to have a happy life in our    world . We  want to do whatever we want . Sometimes  we do the right things and sometimes we do the wrong things. We are ordinary people . We  work and  go  home to  do  activities with our family or go out together.
 Politicians  and film stars also want to have a normal life after work. They want to have a private life without journalists following them all the time.  However , their news on the front page of a magazine can catch the eyes of  the  public so that people will never forget them. On the other hand, their  stories  always make them  embarrassed  because most of the journalists create their own story  based  on the true story just to get  the   people's attention .
I think   if the  journalists  want to publish the  politicians'  and film  stars'  private  lives , they should  ask  for permission. They deserve to have a private life  like  everybody  else .
Dear Mr Robertson,
I am writing to confirm that we have received your programme for our class for the three days    (during*/of)  our stay in London   and would like to thank you.
Firstly, the whole class is very pleased with the programme, especially with the visit to the National Art Gallery.  We  have been told   there are a lot of interesting paintings and ancient sculptures  there  ,     which we  are all  keen to see   .
A couple of days ago, my classmates made the suggestion   that they would also like to see the London Fashion And Leisure Show in London,  at the  Central Exhibition Hall, which was advertised in a school magazine ,  and there is free entry for students. The show includes the latest  fashions ,  sportswear   for spare time ,  make-up  and hairstyles. At the same time it would be a great opportunity for most of us because we are going to study "Art and Design" next year.
We agreed in the class  that we would like  to visit this show on Tuesday 14 March in the afternoon after lunch instead of  going  shopping. Do you think it is possible?
We would be grateful   if you could consider our suggestion and hope to  hear  from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
To be famous or not to be famous?
Well, first of all, I think it's quite difficult to be a musician, film star or a politician without being followed by journalists all the time. In my opinion, most of these people are aware of the consequences  of fame,  like not  having  a "private life" anymore. As soon as they are famous, they are surrounded by their fans and reporters  in every place . I can imagine   how annoying it can be sometimes. Just  imagine  that you'd like to go shopping, clubbing or to a restaurant with friends. There's really no way to be together     simply  with your friends or relatives without being disturbed by  the   paparazzi .
On the one hand I can understand how important it is for the journalists to take pictures for the newspaper or magazines they work for. It is the way    they earn money, of course.
But on the other hand I have to mention that they  go  too far sometimes to  get  a picture. For example ,  Lady Diana. Do you think she  would still be  alive if she and her boyfriend hadn't been followed by  those  nosy  paparazzi ? Well, this  is  an open question to anyone.
Dear Mrs Smith , 
I have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference.
It is my pleasure to help you with the information you need.
Your group has been booked into The Palace Hotel, located on the  high  street, opposite    the  post office .
The conference will be  held  in The Royal Hall, and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus. Take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of The Royal Hall.
The end-of-conference party will be hold in Francescos Restaurant, just by The Royal Hall. You should wear casual clothes.
About what you can do in the area  (for*/in)  the free time you have, I would suggest you  visit   the  Modern Art Museum which  now has  a new exhibition. Another suggestion could be to visit the zoo, or just walk through    Spring Gardens ,  which are beautiful  (in*/at)  this time of the year.
I hope all this information is helpful for you.
Yours sincerely,
The  telephone :  a  great invention.
Imagine your life without a telephone. Yes, I know, it is  very  hard to imagine our lives without this invention.
Think about the people living  (in*/at)  the time it was invented.  It must   have been  such  an  exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles  away ........ and now for us  it  is just as simple as  dialling  a number and  talking  to whoever we want to.
Of course  it  is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family, but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies.
For example, I work for a bank, and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director living 800  kilometres   away , and he doesn't have to come here, we just have a phone conference where everybody can  talk , and that is it!
What about emergencies? A phone call in time for an ambulance can save the  lives  of many people having a heart attack.
We sometimes don't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life.
But think....   what would we do without them!
Dear Mrs Smith,
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry  (for*/about)  not giving you enough information.
We have already booked a  4-star  hotel -  the  Palace Hotel, which is near the River Thames, in Walton-on-Thames. It is not far away from the station so we will go there by train. The end-of-conference party will be held in an  Indian  restaurant,  which  is next to the hotel. It is  supposed  to be     (during*/from)  7 pm to 11 pm. Also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and  a  disco is also provided. You can wear anything you like . We  would like you  just to be  yourself and have fun.
As you know, our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year. There are so many things to do . Unfortunately , there  are  just 3 hours. I recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping. So you can buy gifts for your friends or families.
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some  questions , please do not  hesitate  to contact us.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Nowadays, our lives  are  becoming better and better. Lots of great inventions  have  been invented in order to  help  people live  comfortably . If you ask me which is the greatest invention of all, I will say that it is the television.
" Television  is just an amazing invention." My good friend said that. I agree with her. Firstly, televisions  let  us know more about the world without  travelling   it all . If there  were  no televisions, we  wouldn't  know what  the other countries were  like, or even what language they speak ,  unless we  went  to that country.
Secondly,  (for*/in)  some  ways , it can educate young children. Many TV programmes are  specially  made for children, such as "Learn  Follow Me " and "Be  Good to Others ". Actually, they are quite good programmes and helped me  learn  what I should do generally or how to behave  well  when I was still a child.
 Last but not least , it is a good kind of  entertainment . Maybe you  think  that playing basketball  and  going to cinemas and discos are much better  than  staying at home sitting in front of an object. However, televisions can bring you the fun that other activities can't. If sometimes I don't want to go out and I don't want to be lonely,  it's  easy,  I  just turn on the television and enjoy myself.
However, everything has its advantages and disadvantages. Personally, I do think televisions  are  the most important invention.
12th June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing to  give  you some information about an international student conference.
First of all, the hotel which the group has been booked into is The Princes Hotel. It is very near York Railway Station ,   from  which you can get there easily. By rail: get off at York station and you can walk from the station . Turn  left and the hotel is on your  left-hand  side. By bus: most of the buses in York City Centre pass the station, or you can take a taxi.
Secondly, the conference is  a  very important event for all of us . We   agree  to wear formal  dress . For example, men should wear suits, ties and    so on. In addition, at the end-of-conference party, we also have a country dancing show. It could be very special because all the dancers are from our group.
Finally, on the last day we have an afternoon free. It would be  great   if  we could go for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings. If you could think of any other ideas  that  would be very kind of you. I  will  be  pleased  if my idea and all  this  information  can  help you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Inventions have affected all our lives!
Nowadays, a lot of things are invented and make our lives    more convenient than  in the old days . A car is one of the  inventions  which  are  very useful.
I think a car is very important to me because it's very convenient for everyday life. For example, I can travel to  a lot of  places in the U.K. Especially    since  I live in Whitwell-on-the-Hill (a village near Malton in North Yorkshire). Can you imagine  how I could go shopping, go to college and so on if I hadn't got a car ?
In fact, there are buses (number 843 and 845) which go  past  my village but the bus fares  are  very expensive for me. Apart from that it takes  a  long time to go somewhere.
The car has  significantly  affected my    life. I can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than  by   using  public  transport . I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music ,   as  I brought some  cassettes  with me from Thailand. I took a     driving-theory  test last October and I passed it and I will take a  practical  driving test very soon. I think I have to drive the car myself, so that  I  will know more about the advantages of using  a  car.
In conclusion, I think  a  car is very important to me and it has affected my own life. If I  had  more money I  would  buy another car. I think it has more advantages than disadvantages. So, we should say many thanks to the person who invented  the  car!
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college. I  will   give  you the information you  have requested .
First of all, we have booked the Palace Hotel for your group. This hotel is quiet and near the conference building. However, I would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport. Furthermore, as  usual , we  will  organise a party at the end of the conference, therefore, it would be great if your students  wore  a suit (for  a  man) or a skirt (for  a  woman). Furthermore, this party  will  be in your hotel  as   in  the  previous  years. Finally, there are a lot of  museums   in  our town . Therefore , I would suggest going to the frogs museum ,  which is really  fascinating .
Don't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information.
Yours  sincerely ,
from:
for: the group leader.
subject:  Aboriginal  Art Museum.
The aim of this report is    to  describe  the biggest building of our town. I am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in.
a)  This  museum  exhibits  more than 200000 original art pictures.
b) The building  was   built  in 1999 . Therefore , it is  an example of  modern architecture.
c) This building is as high as the Eiffel  Tower  in Paris.
d) This building   includes     30 toilets,  500,000  lights, and also 100 people  who  can help you if you need any information.
I would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the  oldest  civilisation  (of*/in)  the world in one of the  most modern   buildings .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown isn't well and hope he'll get better soon. I am more than happy to give you the  necessary  information.
Your group has been booked into  the  Palace Hotel ,  which is only 2 miles away from our college. The college will arrange  for  a mini-bus to come and pick you up every morning at 8:45, so you can arrive  (to*/at)  the college around 9 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 9:15. The reason we don't suggest you  walk  from your hotel is that you'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 20 students.
As you already know ,  we are going to have  an  end-of-conference party where the Head of the college will give a  short  speech at the  beginning , then  there  will  be  a buffet and a disco. You don't need to dress up smartly but please, make sure that your students don't wear  shorts  or trainers.
Regarding    what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave I would suggest you  take  the students to our History  Museum . It's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people. There is also a gift shop in there, where your boys and girls can buy some  souvenirs  for their families and friends.
I hope I've answered all your questions but if you need  any more  information, please let me know.
I am looking forward to seeing you all soon.
Best regards,
 (To*/In)  my personal opinion one of the most important and useful  things  which has been invented  is   the  car. Cars  play  a big part in our life. Everywhere you look you can see cars. More and more people  are learning  how to drive and  choosing  to travel by car, because it saves a lot of time  compared  to travelling by public transport. Cars are also more reliable than other types of transport. You don't have to wait  (on*/at)  a bus stop  (on*/in)     cold and windy weather for a late bus, or  be  stuck on a train for an hour due to some  track  repairs . You  can just jump into a car, tune your radio  (onto*/to)  your favourite station and have a  pleasant  drive to your  destination .
Cars are even more important for emergency situations such as  a  fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill. Could you imagine if our police, doctors or fire-fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot? I don't think I need to comment on this.
From my personal experience I realised how it's important to drive a car when I was living in Johanesburg in South Africa. I arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and I couldn't drive at that time. Johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live. I couldn't just go for a walk, it was too dangerous. There was no public transport and I had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time, and  rely  on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else. There I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted  some  quality  of  life for my daughter and myself.
Since I passed my driving test I  cannot  understand how I used to live without a car before. I use my car every day everywhere I go and I  absolutely  love it!
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday. I do welcome you and your group, and I am willing to help you by giving the  information  that you have asked me  for .
Firstly, let me explain the  route  from the PALACE HOTEL, where your group will be staying, to the conference. The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul, therefore there  are  many ways to get to the conference. The easiest way to get there is to take the underground, which takes about 20 minutes. The map will be given to you on the day of your arrival.
Secondly, the end-of-conference party will be held in the Palace Hotel's Percel Room and starts at 6 o'clock in the evening. Professor Kim from my college is going to give a speech, and after that dinner will be served. The party is not very formal, so you can wear any kind of dress, as long as it is suitable for dinner.
Finally, I would like    to recommend the visit to a traditional Korean palace Kyong Bok for the last day's free time. It must be a very interesting visit for the students who  have  never experienced an oriental atmosphere. It is just 5 minutes walk from the hotel, and in front of the hotel gate, an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing.
I hope you will enjoy your stay in Korea, and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information.
I look forward to seeing you soon,
Yours sincerely,
. Report on Kyoung Bok Palace - the Glory of Chosun Kingdom.
. Introduction .
This report provides the information about Kyong Bok Palace, which is highly recommended  for visitors from foreign countries to visit . It highlights the background history and considers the interest of young  people , and makes a final recommendation.
. History .
The kingdom Chosun has a history  (for*/of)  500 years and lasted until the beginning of  the  20th century. Kyong Bok Palace was the main residence of the royal family, so you will be able to imagine its size.
As the kings of Chosun loved to be a part of    nature, the palace had a huge garden, however it was destroyed by the  Japanese army , and now there remains only a part of the original palace. There is a special monument  (for*/to)  the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army.
. Activity .
The reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters, who  tend  to dislike    historical  visits , would be the various  activities . You can try the traditional games of Korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the Royals. Also there are performances which  are held  daily  (in*/at)  the front gate of the palace.
. Final Recommendation .
 It is out of the question  not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know about Korean history. You will find many interesting points there, therefore, I urge you to visit the place, if you want to experience the tradition of Korea.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing to you to give you more  information  about  the  international student conference.
The group has been booked into  the  King Hotel  (at*/on)  High Street ,  which is very easy to find. And the best way to get from there to the conference is  by  following the  road  in front of the hotel to the right, then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side. After that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference  venue  ,  which is called  the  White House.
At the end of  the  conference, we are going to have an International Dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college. As this is a special conference    you could wear your own national dress to  represent  your country.
Finally, on the last day you could spend your free time  visiting  our town hall  where  you will be able to learn more about my area - or  you could  do some shopping  (at*/on)  High Street.
If you want more information, please contact me and I am looking forward to seeing you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Mr. Bill,
I am writing to give    information on a very interesting building   . It is called Penrhyh Castle,  and   this  building will tell you all about Wales.
On the positive side, you and the group will be  able  to learn more about Welsh  artworks   which are presented on the wall, on the door and some  furniture  . The building itself looks splendid and beautiful.
On the other hand,  you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise . And some old toilets might look  awful .
But  in my opinion  it would be nice for the students to come and see this building , because  they will be able to learn and  compare the place with their country . As Wales is not modern like America,    the students will probably get  an   interest   (of*/in)  looking     (to*/at)     old things.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Mrs Smith , 
I am writing to you to give you the information about the conference.
The hotel your group has been booked into is called  the  Palace Hotel. It is simple to find  your  way from this hotel to the conference. You only need to cross the street in front of your hotel. There you will find a modern building with two different doors ,  a red  one  and a blue one. You are asked to  go through  the blue door. After entering ,  you will see the  conference room which will be signposted .
We  have organized   an  end-of-conference party on the day before your departure. Everyone is welcome to join  in   with  this party  in   order  to get to know each other in a good atmosphere. You should wear nice    comfortable  clothes . This is an informal party.
I suggest you  visit  the old part of Zurich or  go  to the zoo before your departure.
I am looking forward to meeting you at the conference. If there  are   any more questions , please contact me.
Yours sincerely,
The Most Important Invention
I love baking cakes,  cookies  and breads. Baking is  my  passion and in the town  where  I live I'm known for making the best cakes in the area. It doesn't matter  what kind of mood I am in , I can do it all the time and it makes me feel good.
But I couldn't bake without an oven. I'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion.
I think the oven is one of the most important inventions. If there is someone who doesn't agree with me, he or she should try to live  for  one month without using  an  oven.  In addition to  that ,  he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys. I'm positive that after such an experience everyone  would say  that the oven is a really important invention for our  lives .
 I'd like   to thank  the person who invented the oven. Thank you!
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about  the  international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions  (of*/about)  what you and your students can do during your free time here.
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel ,  which is located in the central area of the city, so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be  held . The easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take  bus  461 or 176 (the bus stop is opposite    the hotel) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it.
There is a party on the last day of the conference. Special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best.  Less of the party is likely to be as  our  nightclub  so a  lot  of music, dancing and fun are provided. Please note that     alcoholic  drinks are only sold  until  11pm. You can wear whatever you like for this kind of party.
Coming back to ideas and Suggestions ,   I've  promised to give you     a  free afternoon  before  you catch your plane .  I  would  advise you to visit our zoo or to  go  for a  picnic  in a park  before  you  go  to the  party .
Yours sincerely,
Can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life? Such    simple and  everyday  things like a  telephone , a car, a computer    only seem to be normal and  everyday  for us    as we use them every day.  A hundred  years  ago  people couldn't even use an electric  lamp  ,   to say nothing of  a car or computer.  These   inventions   have improved  our life a lot since they  appeared , but not  everyone   believes  it is really so.
Some people say that many    important inventions in our  life  are not so good and useful as we have got used to  thinking  them. First of all they  talk  about  the   environmental  pollution which cars and other  vehicles   create ,  overspending the electricity using electric equipment  and some  other   problems . But  (to*/in)  my opinion if  people's  inventions  have  a place in our  lives  they are  right  then. I think the  telephone  is the most important thing in many people's  lives  as it  allows  you    to get in touch with anyone  and it  doesn't matter  where  you are (I am talking about mobile phones ,  which  a majority now have   (of*/through)     choice). Computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems.  The  electric lamp was an important invention  a  hundred years  ago  ( at  that time it was like a revolution). I think it wouldn't be possible  for us to survive  without     electric   light . Because of shipbuilding  developments  people  were able   to make  all  those  geographical discoveries, and     automobile transport  is  an   undeniable   necessity  in our life.
 Because of   everything   I   have said  I am more likely to think that the benefits of     people's  inventions are much  greater   than  all their disadvantages.
Dear Mrs    Smith
Thank you for your letter which arrived    this morning.
Of course it is a pity that Mr. Brown has been ill, but we are happy that you are  coming  now. You asked me which hotel the group had been booked  into . It is the Palace  Hotel , about a mile away  from  where the conference will take place.
The best way to get there   is to take the  number 7 bus . The bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel. You will  get off  the bus at  " Royal  Gardens ". Turn left and go straight  (to*/along)   " Baker  Street " .  At the  end  of this street there is  a  house ,  number 18. This is our college.
You wish to know all about   the end-of-conference party. As far as I can see ,  there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will  surprise  us  (by*/with)  their songs.
Moreover you asked what to wear. Do not  worry . I would recommend you  wear  some casual clothes, like    jeans, a blouse or a skirt and a jacket.  Do not  forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes, because you will not have  the  chance to change  them .
Finally I  will give  you some  advice   (for*/about)  what you could do for about three hours.
Firstly ,  we have a nice    interesting museum, it is located near the hotel.
 Also  ,  there is the zoo with a lot of different animals, located     within five minutes' walk .
Lastly ,  there is also a very old and famous church, with many coloured windows.
For further information ,  please call me   . I hope you will have an interesting conference here.
I am looking forward  to  seeing you . 
Yours sincerely
The telephone :  a very important invention . 
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she  was  a  little  girl there  was  only one telephone in the  building  where she  lived . It  was  in her parents'  apartment . The neighbours  came     to make their calls and to get their calls.
 Today  nobody could imagine such a situation.
In every household there is  one  telephone at least.
There are a lot of advantages  (for*/to)  it.
Firstly ,  people are able to talk to  a  person  (on*/at)   any  time , be  it   just for fun or    to discuss some important and relevant  things . Moreover we  can always   call the police, the hospital or a doctor for help . This could save  your  life!
 Another  advantage is that all offices, firms and industries could not    exist without it.
Of course there is also a big disadvantage.
All people know this situation :  people want not to be interrupted, maybe they are reading a book, having a good talk or are having a little sleep... then the telephone rings...! It is not an easy  decision  how to react now. Being sincere, most of us would go to the telephone.
Another point of disadvantage is that    mobile phones are ringing   everywhere and     all the time . Especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention.
To sum up ,  this invention is one of the most useful things. It is always the same <NS type="M"></NS> how    people use it or not and how people handle it.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you, in order to let you know all the information you have asked for.
First of all, your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel,  21 Main Road , which is situated not far from our college. I'd suggest you  walk  . It  will only take you about seven minutes. Just follow  Main Road  until  you   reach  a junction, where you turn right and then walk along Denl-a-Lion Road. The college is a huge, yellow building - you can't miss it.
Secondly, you have  requested  information about the end-of-conference party. It will begin at 6 o'clock p.m. and last until midnight. All the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well. The location of the party isn't fixed yet, but we will let you know after your arrival.
There is no need  to put  on special clothes for the party . Casual   dress  should do  just  as well,  because  we want everyone to feel comfortable.
Last but not least I will give you some ideas  (of*/about)  where to spend your free afternoon. I'd suggest you  visit  our local museum, as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment. Provided the weather is fine, you could also go swimming or make a tour  (through*/of)  our beautiful town. (I could book a guide for you if you're interested . )
Please write back or call me if there is any more information you need.
I'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best.
Yours sincerely,
The telephone, a blessing.
Who of you could imagine life without the telephone? Not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop  over  for a moment? Not being able to lie to your mother-in-law and pretend you can't attend her garden party because of an illness, without having to look her in the eye? When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone, he had no idea    how popular it would be one day. Its first  application  was  in order  to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person. Nowadays, however, the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one  can  imagine life without it.
Take me, for example, I use it whenever there is a problem and I need some advice, or when I have to call off a meeting for any reason. I cannot always walk to the person and say "Sorry, I must cancel our meeting", because then it's too late anyway, isn't it?
Life definitely wouldn't be the same without the invention of the telephone. We use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on.
Just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all, and you will see that it is impossible to do so. So don't take the telephone for granted, but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention.
Dear Mrs Smith,
Thank you for your letter. I am glad to help you  (for*/with)  the organisation of the conference.
I phoned    the tourist information  office  last week and I got some information about the  accommodation   (of*/for)  the students.
I think we should book    the Palace Hotel. It is an outstanding building situated in the city centre.
The  hotel  is in a good position, 10  minutes'  walk from the conference ,  and I think the best way to reach it is on foot.
I am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town.
The conference starts at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 7 pm.
I think they should wear smart  clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and  it is an  important meeting.
In conclusion, for the last day, I thought it  would  be very interesting for the students to visit the town and  admire  its monuments and art.
On the other hand, if you prefer to have a relaxing day, you could have a  picnic  in the wonderful park.
I hope my suggestion and  ideas  will help you to organise the meeting.
I look forward to receiving your confirmation.
Yours,
REPORT:
TO: MR
FROM:
DATE: 21ST JUNE 2000
INTRODUCTION:
As requested, the aim of this report is to assess the  suitability  for a group of American students  (for*/of)  the visit  (at*/to)  the Etruscan Museum.
GENERAL INFORMATION:
The museum is situated in the centre of Populoniou, the picturesque fishing village on the Etruscan Coast. Populoniou is about 15 Km. from Piombino and it can be reached by  a   well-organised  means of transport.
DESCRIPTION:
The Etruscan Museum is one of the most attractive  buildings  in my town. It contains lots of   archaeological  Etruscans founded  and some remains  (about*/from)   the   Estruscans'   necropolis .
The entrance fee is £7  for  each student.
POSITIVE ASPECTS
1. The Museum is  well organised  for tourists. There are some shops,  a  café and toilets. Also there are some free  headphones    that explain the history of the museum.
2. After their visit  (into*/to)  the Museum, they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the  Tuscan  Archipelago, and they could have a  picnic  on the beach.
NEGATIVE ASPECTS
1. The negative aspect of the museum is that  it  is quite expensive for students.
CONCLUSION:
Although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students, I strongly  recommend  it for their excursion and  because of  their interests.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I was very  pleased  to receive your letter. It is my pleasure to help you  with  organising the international student conference.
Firstly, for your information, the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel, which is located  (on*/in)  the town centre. Students can take the airport bus  directly to the hotel  when you arrive. And the best way to get from there to the conference is    by coach, as there are about 35  international  students,  and  they are all strangers here. Therefore it is no good taking a bus. I will help you to book the coach.
Secondly, the end-of-conference party will be held at  the   college's  main hall,  (at*/from)  8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th June. There will be various kinds of food and drinks provided. Moreover, students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music, for instance, rock, jazz, pop, garage and so on. Furthermore, I suggest you and the students  wear   pub-wears  to it, as  they   are  suitable for dancing.
Finally, on the last day, I suggest you    go  to  the market  (at*/in)  town during the 3-hour gap. It is a nice place to buy     British-style  gifts  (to*/for)  your family and friends. You could also enjoy the tea at the cafés nearby.
I would be  pleased  to give any help    you need. I am looking forward to seeing you.
Yours sincerely,
From: Genevieve Chiu
To:  The group  leader of  the  American students
Subject: Interesting building to visit in Hong Kong
Visiting Po Lin Temple
The purpose of this <NS type="MN"></NS> is to give information to the American students   describing Po Lin Temple , which  is  worth visiting .
1. Brief history of Po Lin Temple:
It was  founded  in 1910. It is a traditional type of  Chinese  temple. Because of the 2nd World War, it was re-built in 1960. A big  Buddha  was built in 1997 just next to the temple,  and it  is the largest outdoor  Buddha  in the world.
2. Location:
The location of Po Lin Temple is  (in*/on)  Lotus Island, which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong.
3. Opening and Closing time:
Po Lin Temple is  open  to  the  public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on Monday to Friday, and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on Saturday and Sunday.
4.  Transport 
You could take the MTR (HK underground) straight to Lotus Island or take the ferry to get there. Then you need to take the bus , an  A110, A111 or A112 ,  to Po Lin Temple. It is quite convenient. All the buses and  the  MTR have  air-conditioning .
5. Attractive points:
You could go sightseeing around the Temple and take photos. Of course, you may  acquire   a greater  knowledge  (about*/of)  Hong Kong, as the temple  has  been here for nearly 100 years.  You mustn't miss the famous Big Buddha , or you will be sorry. The temple also  provides  free Chinese  traditional-style  meals for visitors.
6. Conclusion:
To sum up, I think Po Lin Temple is a nice place to visit, especially for Americans students.  It is easy  to get there and  free  admission  .  On the other hand , Hong Kong is known as a highly  commercial  city,  and  you could find something different in Po Lin Temple.
 Dear  Mrs Smith,
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the  conference . I hope I can answer your questions.
 First , this international student conference has the  aim  of  explaining  to students how important  education is . In addition to this, we  have chosen  the  luxury  Palace Hotel ,  which is comfortable enough and in a good location. The Palace Hotel is located in the centre of the city, so you can  come  by train, by bus or by car. I suggest you should go by train and  get off   (in*/at)     Museum Station. The  conference  will  be held  in the  hotel , which is  so much easier .
The  conference ,  not being modest ,    is    quite well organized. It will  start  at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon. I suggest you should wear something informal. Even though we want to make things as  comfortable  as possible  (to*/for)  our students.
I am very happy that you want to know  about  my area, although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough. However, if you want, you can call me and I can show you some interesting places. I will be very glad. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
 Affecting Our  Lives  
Cars, boats,  motorbikes , airplanes: Who  has never used   them  once? This is a good question.  People   always seem      to be  running and the fastest of  these  inventions is certainly   the airplane.
At First, when Santos Dummont invented the airplane, he probably didn't think how    people could transform his creation. In this world, where the nations fight to be the  best   one couldn't be  different   ,  the airplane became the most important thing in the war. Unfortunately, it was used to kill a lot of people.
However, the invention of the airplane has brought us some  facilities . How could a person  go  from Brazil to Australia  without it ? Maybe by boat, but it could take too long! The best way is  definitely    by air.  (After*/With)  this invention travel around the world is so much easier. Now, we have to say thanks and congratulate all the  inventors  who invented  facility things  for us.
So, the airplane is definitely an important invention, because it  has  changed people's  lives  in wars.  Now , it  is  important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world. Let's congratulate Santos Dummont!
Dear Mrs Smith
With reference to the information that you  have requested , the hotel that  has been booked  is the Holiday Inn, in New Port and to get to the University of Wales ,   which  is not far from the hotel, you only need to  take a  diversion  where clearly indicate Carleon  and once    you are on the main road ,  all you need to do is to follow the country road which  takes  you  directly  to the place. Concerning    the  party  at the end of the  conference , this will be formal ,   therefore  you will need formal  clothing  ,  as you know there will be  company  directors,  managers  etc  there .
As for the last day ,  I would suggest you  make  a visit to the  local  museum and the  ruins   of   the  Castle. In the  first  you will find a very  interesting  collection of Roman  remains , also you can visit another section  which   is   supposed  to be a Roman  site .
Yours  sincerely ,
I always had  considered  myself  to be  very  lucky  to be born in the <NS type="M"></NS>  century  because  of  all the  amazing  human inventions.
As an example let's have a look and we will see    this nation  and  how it has developed. We just need to think about the first world  wold  and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution  to  this  day .
However ,  I feel that at the moment there should emerge more  groups  to control this development because  of  the industrial  pollution  that    has been created and it seems that  it's  very little ,  what  is being done  at the moment in relation to our  environment .
I hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing with reference  (on*/to)  your letter concerning  the  organization of an international student conference  (in*/at)  Wimbledon Art College. Below I  provide  some information you asked about.
First of all, I would like to give you more information about  the  name and location of the hotel. The group has been booked into  the  "Maria Luisa"  Hotel  ,  which is situated  (on*/in)  the  centre  of Wimbledon called Wimbledon Village. This hotel is the next building after  the  Art College, so it will be easy for your group to find the place.
Secondly turning to the end-of-conference party, it is  meant  to be  (in*/on)  Wimbledon Common -  a  nice piece of  English   countryside . So, it may be a good idea to  wear     very comfortable and informal clothes.
Thirdly, talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area, I would suggest you  visit   the  Wimbledon Museum of Tennis.  There  is quite  a  good  exhibition   there , giving interesting information about the history of Wimbledon Tennis Tournaments.
I look forward to meeting your group  (in*/at)  our conference.
Yours sincerely,
Report.
Introduction:
The purpose of this report is to give a brief  description  of the Academy of Art in  St Petersburg .  In my opinion  this building is the best  place  to visit.
Location:
This building is situated on the magnificent  bank  of  the  Niva River with an  excellent  view  (on*/of)  the Hermitage Museum.
History:
The building was built by  a  very  famous  Russian architect and is a  marvellous  example of Russian classic  architecture  of  the   XVIII  century.
Facilities:
In the Academy of Art you can find the  oldest  art  library  ,  with a wide range of books,  and  the Museum of Russian Art ,  with a huge collection of  paintings , sculpture and architectural projects from  the  early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries. It is also a good  opportunity  to be introduced  (with*/to)   the  Russian system of art education.
Conclusion:
The building of  the  Academy of Art in  St Petersburg  is worth visiting and interesting  because of   its   historic   and  educational aspects.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
as the leader of the conference-organisation, I'm glad if I can help you. My  hope  is that nothing goes wrong. So you have to know more details about our conference.
Your hotel is called Palace Hotel and it is  located  in the city centre. As far as I know ,  this hotel is very comfortable. There is also a subway-station near Palace Hotel. Our college is not  very  far away. You only have to take the subway-train. After three stations you have arrived  at  Brooklyn street. When you come out of the subway you see our college.
The conference starts at 6 o'clock and ends at 8 o'clock. The students have prepared a music  programme  for the end-of-conference party. There will also be an international buffet. So don't eat too much before you come. And please don't worry about clothes. There are not any rules.
In our city there is a big adventure swimming park. I think you should visit Water World on your last day. You will have a lot of  fun ,  I can tell you . If you need any further information please call me. My number is: 793354
Yours faithfully,
The telephone is a very important invention, which has affected our lives. It is a way for people to communicate although they are  (at*/in)  two different places. People use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life.
In my opinion people need a telephone. For example a telephone is very important in  professional life . Nowadays ,  there are no companies which do not have a telephone. Also it is  good  for people's safety. You can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured.
 People   also use the telephone   (for*/in)  their personal life. For example ,  when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away. Another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone. They are able to give and receive  information  very quickly.
This invention has made our lives easier and   quicker  . The telephone has  also made my own life  easy and  quick .  It makes something possible you  cannot  do.  Finally ,  I would say that the telephone is very efficient for people.
Dear Mrs. Smith,
Thank you for your letter. I am very pleased to give you the information you requested.
We are holding the conference party at the Royal Lancaster Hotel - banqueting room at 2.00 pm on Sat. 24 June. The nearest tube station is Lancaster Gate.
As you know, we've been working very hard all this term. So we've decided at the end-of-conference party   we will have a buffet and a disco party. Our students   then will get to know each other well. I would suggest everybody  wear     casual  dress .
Finally, I would recommend you and your group  try  shopping and sightseeing around Oxford Street and nearby.
I look forward to  seeing  you and your group soon.
 Yours  Sincerely,
To: The group leader
From:
Re: The Barbican Centre.
As you  asked  which is the  most interesting  building to visit ,  I would strongly recommend the Barbican Centre building in the city.
It  is located  in the city and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station. The Barbican Centre  was built  in 1975. Apart from Banks and important offices , there  are also  the  world  stock-market  exchange, an opera theatre, shopping arcades,  and   book  and  record  stores. It also  holds  an  international  exhibition all year round. Recently, the  African exhibition  just finished.  It is open  from 7.30 AM. till late at night when the theatre  closes . The building is huge with  modern  technology and construction and    tight security.  It  is  upgraded the building  every year.
The Barbican Centre is a very important building in London. You and your group will visit one building which has  very  many  places  in this building. So    you can  spend your time in one go .
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing in reply to your letter, which I received yesterday. Below is  some  information you will need for the next international student conference at Bournemouth College and some recommendations, which might be useful for the students.
First of all, the hotel booked for the group is the Palace Hotel, which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities. This is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall. You will be able to get there either by bus (no 150) or on foot.
Next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference. It will begin at elevenish p.m. and may last the whole night. People are going to be  in costume  there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi-coloured clothes.
Finally I think that you should jump at  the  opportunity to go to the  historic  Pergam's Museum before leaving. Some of the most amazing masterpieces are  exhibited  there.
I wish you    a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth.
 Yours  sincerely
To: (group leader)
From:
Subject: Bournemouth National Museum
As requested I visited the Bournemouth National Museum, which is, to my mind, one of the most interesting buildings of the area. Below is a summary of the most important    points and some recommendations you may need.
1. Architecture
The architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation   . Even if the architectural style may seem a bit   heavy, this building is really a masterpiece with no  real  comparison  anywhere in  the world.
2. Exposition
Although I have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day, it is such a rewarding and enriching  experience  that people  never get  tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures  (of*/in)  each section of the museum.
3. Restaurant
The adjoining restaurant is very  good  as well. The waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice. In fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum.
To sum up, I would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums, because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also    very  unusual  architecture and a quiet restaurant  where you will be able  to have a rest if you need to.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I have received your letter dated    the 12th  of   June  2001. I am very happy to help you and I hope that the  information    that I am going to give you   will be  satisfactory .
The international student conference will be in the Palace Hotel in Lausanne. The  hotel  is a big building in the middle of the town near the  square  ,  "St-François". And the name of the street is "Grand-Chêne". You  cannot  miss it.
After the conference, we are going to stay in the Palace Hotel but instead  of   staying  in the conference room, we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be  served  for us. Afterwards, a live band  is  going to play  for  the rest of the night.  Regarding  the clothes, you have to wear something smart and classic.
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your  free afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy. There, you can enjoy the  landscape  and  sunbathe .
 Yours  sincerely,
 OLYMPIC  MUSEUM
The aim of this report is to give  you  further  information  on an interesting building to visit in Lausanne. It is based on my own experience.
WHY THE OLYMPIC MUSEUM ? 
The  Olympic  Museum is situated near the lake and  offers , for the tourist, an unbelievable view  (on*/of)  the mountains and the lake. But also   the museum  has  a lot of gardens with several statues.  Also , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern. First of all, the main interest of the museum is     Olympic  history. You can find a lot of  documents  about it and you have several  competitors personal objects . In addition, you can play    several interactive  games  and learn about the rules of the  Olympic  games.
REASONS  (OF*/FOR)  RECOMMENDATION.
The principal reason is the  cheap  price. You pay only  to FRS  for    entry and you can stay    all the time that you want. On the other hand, if  there  are more than 10 people, you can  pay  a group price and pay only 6 Frs per person. It seems that this  option  might be the best way to visit this museum.
CONCLUSION.
To sum up, the Olympic Museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group. Therefore, if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games, it must be the best place for  you .
12 June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith
Thank you for your letter dated 8 June 2001. I hope I can give you the information you need , so  the conference will be a great experience  (to*/for)  you and your group.
Your group will stay at the Palace Hotel. The Palace Hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station. A free  shuttle bus   takes  you to the  conference centre . The bus  leaves  at 8 a.m.  (at*/from)  the front entrance of the hotel.
The end-of-conference party is    in a  tent  and in the  grounds . There will be a barbecue, a place to dance and  much  more. It  will be  a  surprise ! I suggest  that you wear   leisure clothes   (to*/for)  the party.
 On the  last afternoon you could go on a  city tour ,  visit  the  Museum  of Fine Arts ,  or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the  public  park.
I hope I  have been able to  give you some ideas. I look forward to seeing you.
Yours sincerely,
What would life be without the phone?
Have you ever thought about a world without  the  phone?  What was it like  in the  18th  century with no  possibility   of   communicating  by phone ,  and  what would it be like  now?
I  cannot  imagine how our life would be. We  live  in a busy world. In the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients, to make appointments, to order an article  etc. ;  so , time is money!
How has the phone affected my own life? I think   that is a good question to think about. I could not call my friends from  another  city and just say "hello". It would be difficult and  would take  more time to make an appointment.
So, what  has the phone revolution done  for us? It saves  us  time.
Dear Mrs Smith,
Thank you for your letter.  Certainly  I'll try to help you as  well  as I can.
First, I  can  tell you the name of the hotel . It's  the Palace Hotel. Fortunately, it is not far from our college.  To get  from the hotel to the conference, you only have to take bus no.7 and get off at St. James College, where the conference will take place.
About the end-of-conference party I can only say that a band will be playing the whole night, and a special guest ,  I still don't know  who  ,  will be expected. I suggest  wearing  casual clothes .  I think there's no need  (of*/for)  school uniforms.
To answer your last question, I would propose you  attend  the local zoo, because many baby animals  have been  born in the past few days.
Dear Mrs Smith, I hope the  information given  is useful for you. I'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference.
Yours sincerely,
The telephone
Could you imagine    no telephone ringing in  the  office? Or  living  your  life  without chatting for hours with your best friend? Could you? I  couldn't !
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell  (in*/at)  the end of the 19th century.  Nobody realized how important and how widespread an invention it  would be in  the  future. Nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone, and calling    relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing. People need the telephone not only for chatting, but also for exchanging information in a very  quick  and direct way with the possibility  of getting an  answer immediately.
When I was a child, we had no telephone at home, and I always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village. Now I have my own flat, and the first  piece of furniture   I bought  was the telephone. I'll never  remove it  from my home.
Dear Mrs Smith.
I am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference  (in*/at)  our college.
I would like to inform you that your group has been booked into  the  Palace Hotel. It is situated in the  centre  of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college, where the conference is going to be held. I think that the best  choice  for you is to take the 234 bus. The bus stop  where  you should get off is called "The Green Man".
With reference to the end-of-conference party, which is going to take place on Tuesday from 8:00 until midnight, I would like to mention the necessary dress code. It is    evening dress for women and black trousers, a white shirt and a black bow tie for men.
Lastly, I would like to give you some suggestions about  ways  in which you can spend your free time in our town. I am strongly convinced   that you should visit  the  local Science Museum. Also there is a very good shopping  centre  next to the museum.
I look forward to seeing  you  at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town.
Yours sincerely
As    is widely known, lots of different and important things were invented during the 20th century, nevertheless I believe that the most important one is the computer.
It is a fact   that    modern society  has  created the demand for  an   ability  to cope with    vast amounts of information. Taking  that  into consideration I would like to say that the computer is  a  priceless invention for    accountants, designers, engineers and so on   . Another  advantage  is  their   ability  to connect to the Internet. It allows you to have all the necessary information " at your fingertips ". Also  not least importantly  is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world.
On the other hand there are some disadvantages. For instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with  a  virtual world   which computers create. Another drawback is that in industry computers replace people's labour, which leads to    increasing    unemployment.
To conclude I would like to say that the  governments  of all developed countries wouldn't have been so concerned about  the  so-called "problem 2000" if the computer had not been so important for    modern society.
Dear Mrs. Smith,
In reply to your letter, I would like to answer your questions and give you more information.
Firstly, the hotel in which the group is going to stay is  the  'Palace Hotel'. Secondly, the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel and  a  no.31 or 3 will take you directly to the conference. Thirdly, the end-of-conference party  will  be a small disco, with a variety of drinks and food provided. Therefore, you  can  wear something quite casual.
Lastly, on the last day, I would suggest you  visit  the Edinburgh Castle and the National Scottish Museum, as both of them are very interesting and have  a  student discount.
I hope this letter  can  help you with enough information.
Yours sincerely,
Could modern people live without a light bulb? Well, I don't think so.  The only  people who could live without  one     would  be extremely weird or    in a very difficult situation!
We are nearly always surrounded by    'man-made' light. With it, we read, study, walk, and so on. In the past people relied on the sunlight, moonlight and the light from fire. These were, however, very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out. They had to read, study and walk in the dark. Today, this kind of thing hardly  ever  happens! Well, unless there  is   something  wrong with the power supply.
I remember when I was about 5, I visited a museum with my family. While I was in  the  toilet, all the  lights   went  off! I screamed and cried since I'd never experienced being in    complete darkness before. When the light was turned on again, I realised how important even a single light bulb  can  be, and I was sure I  could  never, ever live without  one .
Dear Mrs. Smith,
I am writing in reply to your letter about the  international  student conference.
The hotel which we have reserved for your group is the Palace Hotel. It is not far from our college, taking 20 minutes by car. It would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total  number of  members  (of*/in)  your group  is  4 and  a  taxi fare would not be expensive. There is a taxi rank opposite the hotel.
Regarding the end-of-conference party on Thursday, it starts at 7 p.m. in the garden of the college. You can wear either casual  dress  or fancy  dress  because we  are having  a fancy-dress competition and the  prize  is a bottle of French  champagne .
On Friday afternoon,  it has set to be   some  free time. Therefore, you can go shopping in the town centre ,  which is near the college. Many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there. The other suggestion is going to the flower market ,   which  is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy. Moreover, it is the biggest flower market in this area.
I look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey.
Yours sincerely,
Invented Light
There are many sources of light in this world ,  such as sunlight, moonlight  and   candlelight . Some of them are natural whereas the others are not. Owing to  an  increasing demand  (of*/for)  light ,  for more activities, the natural source is not adequate.  Therefore , electric light  was invented .
Nowadays, the electric light  has become  part of our lives, especially during the night. Whatever we do at night, we need    electric light.
Have you ever  imagined  how this world would be if there was no electric light? It must have  made  a big impact on industry, agriculture and our lifestyle. Think about when the electricity in your house got    short  circuited .  Did  you feel uncomfortable? Could you do anything much without light?
In addition, the electric light is the  manuscript  of other electric  equipment  and they  have  become an important part of our life, too. I think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for  comforting  our lifestyle.
Dear Mrs M. Smith,
I am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested.
First of all the hotel is the Palace Hotel, 82 Regent Street, so    it is very easy to reach the conference. In fact you can take the  number 3 bus ; as you can see, the bus stop is just in front of the hotel, then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass, on your right   .
Secondly, we will have the party in the hotel at 8.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8.30 p.m. It  will   also be  possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge. I would recommend your students  bring  their Identity  Cards  to prove their age. What is more, I would suggest  wearing  very smart  clothes  and for men  a tie is obligatory .
Finally, if I were you I would go shopping  (to*/in)  the City Centre  in  your last hours. However, if  you're  interested in  archaeology  you should  visit  the History Museum in Garden Square.
I hope you will find my letter of interest and I look forward to seeing you.
Yours Sincerely,
Have you ever thought  of   living  without your car?
How can you manage your daily life without it?
 In  the last  forty  years people seem to  have become  completely addicted  (by*/to)  using their    car. It is said that the majority of    citizens  have  got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are  becoming  more polluted.
On the other hand, this kind of  facility  has made our life more comfortable and  easier . In fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and  carrying   our   luggage  and shopping bags. Cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long  journeys . For example, in the past it would had been extremely exhausting  to travel   on  a  horse  but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of  options  to choose  (with*/from) .
However, I have to say that it has made people    lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic. On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have  long last  and  allow  us  to get about  quickly.
That's why I couldn't  imagine  my life without  one .
Dear Maria,
I hope that all the information you need  will  be  provided   satisfactorily .
First of all you have been booked  in  at the palace hotel.
Secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference  centre  is to use one of the  shuttle  buses we provide at this  event .  They  are going to leave at 9 o'clock.
 Concerning  the  end-of-conference  party , it  is going to take place in the same hotel, the  Palace Hotel  . We  suggest casual  dress  for this special event.
 Finally , concerning your free afternoon, there are plenty of activities, but I suggest you    visit  the Caldea  centre  ,   which  is a very special  bath   centre .
If you need  further  information do not hesitate to contact us.
 Yours  sincerely
Dear Jhon,
In your previous letter you asked  for  information about interesting  buildings  to visit in my country.
There are plenty of  churches , cathedrals, and  old   cottages . The  churches  and the cathedral are very  interesting  because of their  different   Romanic  styles. I suggest you visit first the cathedral of "Le Seu d'Mrgell" because it is the most  emblematic  building in the area.
If you are interested  (by*/in)  more  modern  buildings I    suggest you  visit  "Caldea" ,  which is a very modern  bath  centre with    beautiful architecture.
 Finally  if none of my  suggestions   fit with  your  expectations , let me  know  more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and I'll do    my best to find something more suitable.
Best regards
Dear Mrs Smith,
I  received  your letter this morning. I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and is unable to  attend  the conference; I am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group. I hope that  the   information  below  is  very useful to you, during your  attendance   (of*/at)   the  conference.
I have booked a hotel not far    from our school. The hotel is called  the  Epsom Down Hotel. Your plane will arrive in England by 9:00. There will be a coach waiting for you, and the driver will be next to the information desk. You should arrive at the hotel by 11:00. You will  then  have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage. The conference will start on time at 12:30, so I would suggest you  leave   the  hotel by 12:00. The best way to get to the conference is to follow    the  college  road and turn left toward the end . You   then  keep going straight . You  will eventually see the main entrance  (of*/to)  the  college . When you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then. They all  know  where the conference is and when.
At the end of the conference, we will have a party. The party is to let all the students  get  to know each other better. The party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room. I  would   suggest   they   wear  formal clothing,  such as  tie, trousers and  blazer .
For the afternoon free time on the last day , there  are a wide variety of choices  in the things  that they can do. They can play tennis, do athletics,  swim ... and many other sports  activities  in our school, if they want to. Or they can also visit    Epsom Town. There are shops which  sell   clothes ,  food , and books ... They can decide what they want to do . It's  entirely up to them.
I am looking forward to seeing you and  hope  you have a safe flight over to England.
 Yours  sincerely,
Dear group leader,
Welcome to Taiwan. This report is  based  on an interesting building, where you can take      your students   . This building is situated in Taipei, the capital. The building is called  the  Chiang Kei-shek  Memorial  Hall. Nearly everyone knows where this building is, so if you have a chance, just ask the local people in Taipei about this building.
The  Memorial  Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds. As you go into the main Hall, you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei-shek . This  is because the building is the   remembrance   of how  well Chiang did in History . The statue is about 20 feet high.  The  statue is protected by    guards . The  guards will change every four hours.
Apart from the main Hall, there are also lots of other  galleries . In these  galleries  there are  Historical  paintings  and  antique  furniture  which Chiang used. These  treasures  are very old, even older than the history of America. All these treasures were brought over to Taiwan by Chiang  during the defeat in  China. They are all  being  well  looked  after.
As well as all the treasures,  statues  and  historical  paintings... there  are also  restaurants  and modern  galleries . When you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat, or if you are fed up with  historical   things , you  might  as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern.
Finally, if you  want  to visit this building I  would  recommend you  stay  at a hotel not far from the  memorial  Hall called  the  Hyatt Hotel. It only  takes  about five minutes if you walk. I hope you will all have a great time in Taiwan and I hope you will enjoy the building.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
Thank you for your letter which I received last week.
If  a  student is ill, we will return the money but you should tell us    one week before we start. And you are staying  at  the Palace Hotel, which is located in  the  town  centre . You can take buses or our school buses. It costs forty pence. If you take public buses, it costs more    than  the  school bus.
The end-of-conference party is going to start from Seven o'clock. One of our  teachers , who will be  elected  by  students   will make   a  speech for one hour. After,  a  student  will make   a  speech about what he or she  has  learned ,  and  dinner . In my opinion, you should wear normal  clothes . I would like to suggest that you should visit building    sixty two which is    on  the  sixty second floor. There are eye-max cinema, museums,  a   gallery . This is very famous in our city.
I hope that my advice will help you.
I look forward to hearing  from you soon .
Yours sincerely
Pusan Castle
Pusan Castle is  located  in  the  South of Pusan. This is the biggest and oldest in Pusan.  Historical things, pictures and clothes are exhibited there . It was built four  hundred   years  ago. When you go up to the top of  the  castle ,  you can see the whole town ,  and there  is   a  very big  park  in the Castle. Pusan Castle  shows      Korean  history from when one of our  Kings  made our country. etc. and there are a lot of facilities in Pusan Castle.  A restaurant .  A shop  specially for  groups . They can be given  a  discount. What is more, every  place  is explained  (by*/in)  English. So you do not need  pamplat , but, the entrance fee is a little expensive. It  costs  ten pounds.  Fortunately   if      over ten people visit the castle , they give them  a  discount.
To: Mrs. Smith
Thank you for your letter, which arrived on  the  second  of  June. I am very pleased to help to organize this Conference in our College, which will  be held  at  the  Conference Centre at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days.  Please  find  the  information  you   requested   as follows :
We have booked the hotel for the group.  It is the  " Palace  Hotel" ,  which is about 10 miles away from our College . The  hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on  the  19th of June and then take the group to  the  Conference and return to  the  hotel every day.
Regarding    the end-of-conference party , we  have  planned  a barbecue  (at*/for)  5 oo pm   on our most idyllic  playing  field ,  which  overlooks  the endless Countryside and farms. At 7:00pm   we can move to our student hall to  have a  disco  dance  until 10:00pm.
 (On*/For)  the last day, we have arranged a small party in the hotel . Then  we all set  off  to  go on  a sightseeing  tour of  Bromley town  centre  for about two hours before you leave for  the  airport. Bromley town  centre  is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London. There are many  historic  buildings   . I think the students will enjoy this sightseeing  tour .
If  any further discussion , please let me know.
Yours   sincerely,
 How wonderful "light" 
We need light every day, not just  at   nighttime . We need   lamplight   in offices  and  schools  and   other  places during the  daytime . How  wonderful life is   (after*/since)   the  invention  of   electric  light. Here we  are just talking  about  the light we invented  apart from  natural  light.
When I was small, we lived in  country yard  .  I  remember , we used to have oil lamps which  used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string  to give us light during the  night  . It   gave  very little light   , and  there were  many things we couldn't do  (under*/in)  the  light from the  oil lamps because the light  range was very small . There was  not  any light outside our house,  and  no light on the road or field either. I was always very scared  whenever  or wherever  I was  ,  because most places   covered  by dark, dark and dark . This  scary  dark is still affecting my life now. I never  stay  out after dark today except  accompanying by  my family.
What a  big  person     Einstein was, who invented light . He created another  day  after sunset . People  use it to do anything they want to do .  We believe we can't live without light today,  especially  in  the  city    . We  have a long time to spend  (for*/on)   our  activities after  the  Sun  goes  to bed.  We   definitely  need light to  keep on .  I dare say , without light, our life  would  go into a dark, dark hell.
Dear Marie,
I am sorry to hear that our friend Mr Brown is ill. As our conference is due to start next week I  will respond  straight away. There  is  some  information  you have asked me about. We booked rooms for your group at the Palace Hotel. That is the best option because it is  situated  less than 5  minutes'  walk from the  conference centre .
When you  leave   the  hotel you have to turn right and you  bloun  the street. At the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building. That's our  conference centre . At the hotel reception you will find printed information  about  how to get    there.
As you know at the  end of the conference  there is a party.  The party  is due to start at 8 p.m .   and will last  until 3 a.m. There is  a  2hr break between  the   end of the conference  and  the  party. At this time you and your group can refresh  yourselves . I would like to mention that because <unknown/> our conference  that is dress-code party .
 I hope  you will enjoy it. We prepared some special  attractions  ,  like live dance music and  a  hot  and  cold buffet.
 Regarding   your     last question I can  suggest   visiting  the Royal Castle. That will give you and your guests an  impression  about our country and history.
 Yours  sincerely,
In our town there  are  so many interesting places to see that  it  is hard to choose one. In my opinion the most interesting is the  castle . It is  situated  on a hill so it is very easy to  see   where   it is .
Just look up and you will see that huge building.
Actually it is a whole complex, the Old and the New Castle,  the   cathedral  and the  very  interesting  underground  part with  its  amazing crypts.
And if you climb  (on*/to)  the top of the main tower - the keep  -  you will see  unforgettable   views   (on*/of)  a white  town . After that you can explore our great museum at the Old Castle. You will find there an amazing collection of old  weapons ,  armour  and, we are especially  proud  of it, the great collection of swords.
After that I am sure you will be happy to find a few  restaurants  located at the New Castle <unknown/>. I am sure that should be  enough  for  a   one-day  trip. For  your  information I can say that at this time we have  a   five-week  festival and  that  night there will be a great display. That should complete  an  amazing day.
Dear Mrs Smith
It was such a pleasure to receive your letter, and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference   we have been organising. Let me give you some further information concerning the event.
Firstly I would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you.  It is  called  the  Palace Hotel, and we hope that  it  is going to  meet  your  expectations . The conference is not too far from your hotel. I strongly  recommend  you to use    public  transport  in order to get there,  because  you may    find other types of transportation quite expensive.
Moreover, you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours,  until  10:00 pm. After that our college has organised a  barbecue  night, with traditional local music that you must not miss. You don't need to wear formal clothes , just   everyday  clothes.
Finally, I am aware of the fact that  on  the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane. Don't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions. There is also  a  huge  shopping centre    where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food.
I hope that you will find my information  helpful  . 
 I am  looking forward to seeing you . 
 Yours   sincerely 
THE  HISTORICAL  MUSEUM
Welcome to Athens!! Without any doubt,  it   is  a  historical  place which provides  its  visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of     Greek  history <NS type="M"></NS> during the passing of  the  centuries.
Don't miss the chance to visit the  historical  museum, located in the heart of the capital city. A traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century , the   historical  museum is simply a symbol, a  proof  of what  the   Greeks  have always considered as  a   fundamental   principle : their freedom. There are five  different  floors, each of them presents a  different   chronological  period of  Greek  history, starting from the period before the birth of  Jesus  and concluding  (to*/with)  the revolution of 1967. The museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing, famous paintings having as  their  main subject the revolution of 1821, and aspects of the  Greek  religion that  have  always  been  considered to be  a  vital part of  Greek  history. There is a small  entry fee . Inside the museum there is  a  bookshop  with  a large variety of  historical  books, maps etc.
If you really want to discover what  Greek  history  means , we strongly recommend you to visit the  historical  museum!!!
Dear Mrs. Smith,
I am writing in reply to your enquiry about this  year's  international conference.
The conference will be held at The Palace Hotel on Old Street. There will be signs to follow from  the   central  train station. The conference  commences  on 31st June 2001 from 10.00-15.00.  A light  lunch will be provided.
After the conference, there will be a relaxing party. There is no  dress code  for the party. However ,  I suggest you    wear the same outfit  that  you  will wear  for the conference.
I have included  a  local map . There  are some  ideas   (at*/on)  the back of the map. Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city-walk tours .  We have  arranged   special  discounts for the conference  attendees .  Personally  I recommend the  Dickens  tour because it is a good length     walk  and very historical.
I hope that I have covered all  the  information you  will  need and look forward to seeing you.
 Yours  sincerely,
P.S. Please find the  map enclosed .
There are several interesting buildings in the city of London. I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the top  of the  list.
The building itself looks grand and elegant. Despite the fact that this building  serves   half a  million commuters in a day, it  is  always clean and functional.
There are two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make it so interesting  a  building. The newly decorated section is fairly modern  in  style with escalators and  touch-screen  ticket  machines . It is also very well linked  (into*/to)  the old underground station ,  which    is such a contrast in  transformation . The old bit is rather unique and charming. You  can  really imagine  what  it looked like in  the old days .
There is another surprising section in this building. At the far  side  of the station  it  is    connected to a spacious ,   well-designed   public  park. It is a good example of    great architecture that was designed to provide services  (to*/for)  the public.
Finally, it is in the heart of  the  city and  without doubt everyone will be able to find it .
Dear Mrs    Smith,
I have received your letter and I am glad I can help you.
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel ,  which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here. The best way to get here is <NS type="M"></NS>  :  once you  go out  of the hotel, turn right, then follow the signs to the hospital, because it is just  (by*/beside)  our college. When you are in the college ,  ask for me.
The conference will  last  one hour, and, at 8 o'clock the party will start . It  is a formal party and you should wear formal  clothes . The dress code is   no jeans. We will  provide  you with food and drinks.
For your free  time  I have quite a few ideas. There are lots of things to do here. We have  got  a museum which is just    two minutes from your hotel. You can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the café. If you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and I am sure the students would like that.
I hope this information will be helpful. If you have any other questions, please, do contact me.
 I'm looking  forward to seeing you soon.
 Yours  sincerely,
THE MOBILE PHONE
The mobile phone has completely changed our lives, it is an instrument which I cannot imagine myself living without.
Apart from being  in fashion  ,  it is also a very helpful machine. Do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which wouldn't work? What would you have done  (in*/at)  that moment without a mobile phone? You were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you, amazing, isn't it?
Nowadays, everyone has a mobile phone. I am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone. Five years ago you wouldn't have even thought about it. It has been a plus for me. For example, now my parents allow me to go to more places just because I have my mobile with me, and, sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with.
 All in all , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone.
Dear Mrs    Smith,
I am writing to give you some information  that you  asked  for  in your letter, which I received this morning.
Your group has been booked  (in*/into)   the  Palace Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London. Personally, I am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities. It is  located  in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference. In my  opinion  the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line. However you  could  take bus number 150, if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you  also have some free time .
Regarding    the end-of-conference party, I would suggest  wearing   a  dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man, though   it is  not   a  formal do. The party will finish quite late ,  so we've decided to provide a bus which  will  take you to the hotel safely.
 Basically , during three  hours     in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of  the  interesting places  (of*/in)  London. However ,  you  could   take  a long walk along the river to take some essential photos.
I look forward to welcoming you.
Yours sincerely
Are you always happy when your  telephone   rings ?
As far as I  know  ,     the telephone was invented in  the  19th century. It  affected  our  lives  very quickly, although there  are  some different  means  of communication  such as  TV, for instance. Since the  Internet  was introduced, many of us  can't imagine      life  without  it . We  have even been able  to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for    some time.
However, are you always happy when your personal phone rings ?     I wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you wouldn't have your mobile switched on.
This invention has  changed  my life completely. Since I have been  travelling  around the world ,   I would have imagined   being  in  touch  with my family or friends without  the   Internet  or my mobile phone.
In spite of having the opportunity of keeping  in  contact with friends at     times   when  we are far away from home, we should  know  how to use it without  disturbing  others.
Dear Mrs. Maria Smith , 
I got your letter this morning and I am very pleased to give you some information.
 As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel in  the  downtown  area . When you go to the conference, you can take a bus or a taxi. But if you have enough time, I would like to recommend  walking   because  there are a lot of  beautiful  trees and you can see the sea. And also it takes just fifteen minutes. I think everybody can enjoy it.
By the way ,  the end-of-conference party is a kind of  farewell  party. There will be three parts. The first part, the chairman and a few guests will  give  a speech and the second part, the  participants  will evaluate themselves, and    the last part    will  consist of  dinner and drinks. It will  not be  too formal  a  party. So you can wear what you like.
Moreover, I would like to recommend  a  'City tour' for three hours. Everybody  will  enjoy themselves. It is £12 each and there is a reduction for groups.
I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem, you can contact    me  anytime . And have a nice time in my town and send my  regards  to Richard.
Yours sincerely,
Nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world, and they make us more comfortable and  our lives more  convenient. Moreover we  cannot  live without them. For example: electricity,  the  computer,  telephone , boat, and car (wheel), etc. None of them are unimportant for us.
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them. If you look around at home, there are a lot of electric things. Electricity  made us  able to invent other things. It also gave us more free time, especially for women. It has  absolutely  reduced women's     housework  time.
 We can enjoy our night even more  with lights. If we want  to do  something, we can do it at night  the  same as  in   the  day.
Finally ,  the quality of our life is changed by electricity. It could reduce our working time and make us  enjoyable . It is also advancing more and more. It will give us  a  better future!
Have you ever imagined that you would drive  an  electric car!
Dear Mrs. Smith
 My  name is ..., I am a local student and  I  will give you the requested information. The rooms for your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the  city centre . The hotel is just three  bus stops  away from our college  so  you and your students can take the bus from the central  bus station  that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference.
The end-of-conference party starts just one  hour  after the end of the conference. It is located in our sports hall. There will be live music and a midnight dinner.  You  don't have to appear very  noble  dressed, just as you like    (there is no  dress code  - you may wear what you want).
For your last day I think it would be interesting to  visit  our  historic  and famous  city centre . I will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights.
If you have any more questions ,  write me a short letter.
Yours sincerely
The invention of the car was a great point in history. From there on people  were  mobile and had the  opportunity  to travel wherever they wanted.  Within of course  the physical barriers. People now had the chance to move to  faraway  places to spend their  leisure  time, to relax, or just to see something different than their  home .
In my life the car has an enormous influence. I come from a rural area. The next city is 15 km away and there is no  acceptable  bus    or rail connection to go there. It  was   quite  hard  (to*/for)  me not to have the  opportunities  for my free time like my friends  who  lived in or near the city. I just had no  way  to meet them after school, because I had no vehicle to get there. I always needed my Mom or my Dad to take me where I wanted to go.
Today I have my own car and I use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time. So with my car I achieved    great freedom.
Dear Mrs Maria , 
I am one of  the  students and I am going to give you  some  information, all you need. We  have booked  the hotel for you and the name of  the  hotel is  the  "Palace Hotel" ,   it is  quite near  the  shopping centre. It is not far  away  . You  just go along Park Road  for  about ten minutes. Then you will arrive at  the  Palace Hotel ,   which is  on the  left-hand side    .
 Regarding  the end-of-conference party , we  are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to  take  you to the Hotel . You  need to wear  an   evening dress  or suit and bow tie.
Finally, on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we  suggest    you    go to  the  shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to  the   museum  because this  museum  is the biggest in the world now .  It is up to you.
yours sincerely
To group leader
I am the student leader. We are  pleased  that your group has    arrived so I am going to give  you  information about an interesting building to visit. We recommend you    go to  the  BBC building.
First of all,  the  BBC building is the news building of England. On the ground floor, they have    video  cameras  everywhere around the building and police  officers  walk around the building as well.  On  the first floor, they have a huge radio room, for  sending  and  receiving     information  from  all over the world ,  because they have    small BBC  buildings  all over the world  also ;  for  Example, THAILAND,  the  United  States  of America,  INDONESIA  and CANADA.
And the second floor is the  newsroom  where they  go   on air     on the T.V. That is not  everything  .  I  have just given  you  a little  information but they have more interesting  things  you do not know  about .
I recommend    this building because this building is the  main  of  London  and this building is the second most beautiful building in  London  so that  is  why I recommend    this building.
From  the  student leader.
Dear Maria Smith,
First of all, the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel. It is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people. It has a  swimming pool  and a nice bar.
The hotel is ten minutes  away  from the conference  centre  and there will be a bus available to go directly over there.
At the end of the conference   there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant ,  so people must have nice clothes;  jeans   are  not allowed. Next to the restaurant, there is a disco for people who like dancing.
We can do a lot of things in my area. We have the  opportunity  to visit the old town . It's  very nice and there  are  a lot of shops. We can visit the old castle or the painting museum too.
I find television the most important invention. I think it's good for old people because some of them cannot go to the cinema  any more .  On the one hand   that 's because they  haven't  enough money to pay  for  it and  on the other hand  it's because they can't move very well ,  for example if they are disabled. With television, old people are less alone because most    old  women   don't have   their   husbands   any more .
Television is a good way to be informed  (with*/about)  the news. I prefer being informed by television than by newspapers ;  it's more relaxing.
I think television is a good invention for children ,   for  when they have free time . While  they are watching television, we don't have to look after them if we have something important to do.
Dear Mrs Smith
I am writing to reply  to   the  letter you wrote  to  me on 10 June.
Firstly, I would like to tell you   that the group has been booked into  the  Palace Hotel, which  is located  beside the congress house in the centre. You can make contact with Mrs Brackenbury  using the number  06 8793888. Secondly, the best way  to get  from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus, which  has been  specially organized by us. The bus leaves at 8:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 6 o'clock in the evening.  Of  course there's also a  number 8 bus  ,   in front of the hotel , which  is also suitable, but it leaves only every half an hour.
The end-of-conference party, which  will be  in the evening on 20 June, is going to be held on the coast. Beside the barbecue, there  will be  some well-known student bands from our country  playing  music through the whole night. What's more is   that there's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful. It  will play  from 10:00 to 11:00,  while the students can enjoy it with dancing . The main events of the party will  be  at about 12:30 in the night. As you see, what to wear is just something casual.
Finally,  (in*/on)  the last afternoon, we could visit the museums  and  markets (we have a very interesting robot-market). Basically it's    free time for the students to look round  here  by themselves.
I hope your questions  have been  answered  appropriately .
I'm looking forward to seeing you  (on*/at)  the conference.
Yours sincerely,
Computer Life
 Nowadays   computers  can be found in almost every corner, in offices, in shops.  There're even computer chips in cars and washing machines .  How have   computers  affected    our life?
First of all, the efficiency of    society has been improved. When shopping, we don't need to wait  for  the  cashier  to  take every article's note  by hand. When booking  a   flight , we can  just  make a  phone call  to any agency, and get it done in one minute. Secondly, instead of  looking up  tons of books to get the information  that  we need, we can very easily search  for  it  (from*/on)   the   Internet  or on the local network. It's    very often heard   that someone   who has a  rare  illness    has had   an   operation   (by*/at)  a foreign  institute    which he  found  via  the   Internet . Moreover, with computer  networks , it  is  possible  for  people  to work  from home,  making  projects,  controlling  operations or  having  conferences. Lastly  the way of communications  has  also changed . Instead of     traditional   telecommunications , we can talk  by ,  e-mail  or even see each other with the help of  a  computer network.
Of course there're also some aspects in which    computer technology  needs  to be improved. For example, reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as  reading  on  paper . A very important and severe problem is    reliability and security.  So far ,  it is still somehow not safe enough to completely rely on computers .
In conclusion,  computers  have become a    necessity  (of*/in)  our life, and it's still a young invention, which  needs  to be improved.
Dear Mrs Smith,
Thank you for your letter. I will try my best to answer the questions.
First of all, we have already booked the  Five-Star  Hotel for your group. It is a modern hotel, near our college, and it is also very  convenient   for  the airport. You can take  either      bus  or taxies. The  number  101 bus  leaves  from the airport,  then  you can get off  (from*/at)   the  "city college" stop. It would be a great chance  for everyone to attend the party . This is just a relaxing party, just  so  the members have a chance to relax and make friends. So I think you'd better  wear  a dress.
Finally, about the  three free  hours, my personal  preference   is  to go shopping. Our city has got the biggest  shopping  centre in South England . There   are  so many shops. It  is   worth   spending  time and money on that.
I look forward to seeing you!
Yours sincerely
 Nowadays  people have become used to watching  television   programmes   every day . The TV is so important that you can see  one  in every  home , and it is  an  essential  item  for everyone.
First of  all , in my opinion, TV has a great  educational   function , and  it  also makes the world     smaller . You can just sit at home  and  you can know what is happening all over the world at  that  moment. I would rather  watch  the news on TV  instead  of reading  a  newspaper or  listening   (on*/to)   the  radio because the news on TV  is   vivid .
Moreover, the TV is    great company for    people who live alone or feel alone. I    like to  turn on   the  TV when I stay at home. Someone  is  talking,  laughing , crying  on there, so join them  . You  will feel much better than  you would just by  yourself. Some TV  programmes  are  enjoyable !
However, TV also has some disadvantages. You might just  sit  in front of  the  TV for hours  learning  nothing, or no  longer  talk with your family. I think this is the  worst  influence in    society.
In  conclusion ,    TV has both advantages and  disadvantages , but on the whole  the  advantages  are  greater than  the  disadvantages. So   on the whole, TV still is a wonderful and important invention  on the world .
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am glad to  help  you  (for*/with)  the organisation of the international student conference.
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel, and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube . The   location  of the conference is then five minutes by  foot .
At the  end of the conference  there is a party, where we can eat something, dance and speak to each other about the conference.
For the party I suggest you  wear  classic clothes; maybe something black and not red or pink. I am going to wear  classic black  trousers and a white  jersey  - it  might  be that this information  gives  you some idea too.  
On the last day we are going to have about three  hours'  free  time . What do you think  about   going  to    the Arts Museum?  Or     we  could  go to hear a classic concert near the conference  buildings  . 
I hope that I have been able to give you some help.  And  I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Morgan,
I am writing a report,  in  which  I  will describe  for  you the most important building  (of*/in)  my town.
The most important building of Biasco is the ,,Casa Cavalier Pellanda". It is  the   big old  house of a rich lord in the middle of the town.  (Into*/In)  this house there is a big museum, where you  can   learn   about  the  history  of Biasco.
Under the museum there is a big dark place, where the wine is produced. Your American students could learn how the ,,Meriot ticinese" is produced and why  it is  so famous in Tiano. I think that these suggestions could interest your  students  . Also  Biasco, with its ,,Casa Cavalier Pellanda", is the middle  point  of two  tailes  - Leventina and Blenio - and the middle  point  of two similar but also different cultures too.
I hope that  this   information  will  encourage  you to visit Biasco and its ,,house".
Yours  sincerely ,
 Dear  Mrs Maria Smith,
I'm pleased to be able to help you  (for*/with)  the international student conference.
The hotel  (in*/into)  which the group has been booked    is the Palace  Hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of Mont Blanc.
To get from the hotel to the conference, you have to take the highway  in the direction  of Lausanne, and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is  indicated  with Coppet, Divonne. When you come out, just go    right, and then turn left to follow the  directions  to the Châtaigneroie  School .
The end-of-conference party will take place at the same place. Some musicians will play classical music, and there will be many different drinks and food.
 You  should wear    formal clothes, but not  necessarily  really pretty clothes . 
For three hours, you could visit the museum of the Red Cross, which is very interesting.
I hope that  this   information  will help you . 
Sincerely yours,
The  mobile  phone, a very useful invention!
During all  mankind's  history, there were   discoverers   who tried to make human life better, but it is in the last century that  the biggest discoveries were made .
When the phone without  a  cable was invented, one wasn't sure if it would be a success or not. But the research went on, and the  mobile  phone is  always getting  smaller and more useful.
The  mobile  phone is an important invention, because nearly everybody has one, and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem.
Moreover, some  mobile  phones have a connection to the  Web , so it is easy to read  the  newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy  them .
Personally, the  mobile  phone has affected my own life, because when somebody is phoning  me  at home, I don't have to rush to  get  the phone, being afraid that  it's too late .
I recommend this extremely important invention to those who still don't have a  mobile  phone.
Dear  Mrs   Smith 
I received your letter asking  for  some information about  the  conference . 
I am glad to provide all  the  information . 
The group has been booked  into  the   Palace   Hotel which is near the train station.  It  is really easy to  get  to the conference from the hotel. The bus  runs   from   in  front of the hotel.  If  you catch the red bus  it  will drop you  in  front of the conference building.
 (In*/At)  the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose  the  colour or style.
At the end of the conference there will be  a   reception  at the hotel.  We  have arranged some tours  (in*/of)  the city.  You  will be  visiting  some interesting places and towers.
I look forward to seeing you.
Yours  sincerely .
Computer magic.
Can you imagine    life before  computers  ?  Lots of books, papers,  lots of  things on the  tables .
 A   computer  is  a  really  clever  machine.  It   stores  all  the  information, never  says  enough ,  and it never  forgets  any information . Whenever  we want  it  from  it  ,   it   doesn't  refuse.
 It  saves time for humankind .  People don't need to spend a lot  of  time  recording  everything . It  makes space in offices.
 A lot of  bosses or  workers  in    factories   do not need  to employ many  clever  workers  because  we don't need  a lot  of  them . This saves a lot  of  money for companies.
 Computers   have   helped  to improve health  because  in this century we can use  them  in medical  operations  .  Doctors can manage the  most extreme  operation  easily  and  confidently .
In general  computers   have  brought human life two  centuries   forward .   They    make  life easier for us.
Dear Mrs. Smith,
I am writing in reply to your letter. I am sorry about Richard Brown. And I understand that you need help, so    I will help you as far as I can.
Firstly, the hotel which  has  been booked for you is Palace Hotel  which  is located close to the conference. In order to get from the hotel to the conference, you just need to take the bus we will  provide . Secondly, the end-of-conference party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 6 p.m., which includes dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference. The party is arranged as a casual party, therefore, you can wear comfortable clothes. You can expect to meet many students from other schools as well. Finally, if you want to have an exciting experience    here, I strongly suggest that you go to the musicals. As you may  have heard , our city is well known for the musicals. Or,  if  you want to relax, you can take a walk in the park situated  (in*/at)  ten  minutes'  distance on foot from the hotel. Whatever you choose, you will be satisfied with your choice.
If you have more questions about the conference  or   anything  else, do not hesitate to ask me. I would be glad to be able to help you.
Yours sincerely,
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though    life without them cannot be imagined. People do not  have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common.
However, there is something  about  which  it  is still believed that it was an  extremely  important invention. This is electricity ,  invented by Edison.  In my opinion , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most    machines, appliances and  equipment  which are used in modern times can  only be operated with  electricity, which makes people not  do  too much  physical  labour. What is more, many inventions have been accelerated by electricity.
In my life, I use electricity in many different ways. At night, I can study because of it.  And it also  saves my time which would be used up    doing housework such as laundry, cleaning rooms and ironing. It makes my life more convenient than  it would be without it .
To sum up, although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more, the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed.
12.06.2001
Dear Mrs Smith, Thank you for your letter    asking for my help  (to*/with)  the conference. I would like  to do my best to help you .
Firstly, Palace Hotel has been booked    for the  group's   accommodation  and I spoke with the hotel manager  (for*/about)   travelling  to the conference. The hotel has  its  own buses, they will  take  us from  the  hotel to the conference  saloon .
Secondly, I would like to tell  you  more about  the  end-of-conference party. I booked  the  Palace Hotel's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students. It is going to be very  lovely  and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for  the  students.  In addition , I suggest that they should wear  sporty  and comfortable clothes.
Finally, you would like to know  about  some activities for three hours  of  free time. I think you can go to the 'Dreamland'. In this place there  are  video games, some little competitions and  a  small zoo available. Students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way  (of*/to)  the airport.
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely,
To: American  students'  group leader
From: ...
Re: Information on an interesting building to visit
Introduction
Here is my report for American students who want information on an interesting building to visit in Ankara. I would like to describe 'Anitkabir'
Findings
1. This building's name is 'Anitkabir' and it is the biggest building in Ankara. It  was built  in 1953. It is  located  in the middle of the forest. There  are  different  kinds  of  birds  and different  kinds  of trees present.
2.  There   is   a  very big museum inside the building and all  the  building  is made  from stone.
3. This building's security guards are very special soldiers. Their aim is to protect the building from    enemies because there is also  a  very big army museum available.
4.  There   is  no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to  see  Ankara from the hill. It opens  (at*/from)  8.00 am to 5.00 pm . 
Recommendations
I  think  that it is the best building in Ankara to visit because it  includes     Turkish history and very good  sightseeing .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
I was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take    part in our international student conference.
As you need more information, I  will answer  all your questions with  pleasure . Firstly, the Palace Hotel has been booked for your group. It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our  city  and situated only half a mile from  the  main building of our college, so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot.
Secondly, our end-of-conference party  includes  dinner and dancing .  I would advise you to wear something not very formal.
Finally, you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local  historic  places (castles    built  in  the   13th  century) or art  galleries , as well as  the   beautiful  Bodnant  Garden .
I am looking forward to the meeting with you and  our   shared  work during conference.
 Yours  sincerely
There are many different people's inventions around us. We are so used to them   that sometimes  we  think they  always existed . Some of them are very practical,  others  are rather strange.
I  think    that one of the most  important      inventions affecting our life  is the telephone.
Imagine life without  a  phone. You are on the road, you have  a  car accident. What are you going to do without  a  phone?  (On*/In)  another situation, your son is ill, he needs help urgently. I am sure   the phone has saved many  lives . Besides, it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum, only     to chat   in any time . Thanks  to  the phone, it is possible  to speak to your mum even when she  is  (on*/at)  the other end of the Earth.
To be honest,  the  next  greatest  invention of  mankind ,  the  computer, can't work   if you haven't got the phone. So I am very grateful to  the  man   who invented it . Unfortunately , I have forgotten his name. It always happens with people, doesn't  it ? Try  asking  who invented the  wheel  or the book.
Dear Mrs. Smith,
I have just received the letter from you and I'm  writing  to you as soon as  possible . I can promise    you that I'll do my best to help you. You told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year, because Mr. Brown is ill. Poor Mr. Brown .  I hope he will get better soon.
   I've just checked  and  the group has been booked into The Palace Hotel. The best way to get from there to the conference is by  coach ,  which  I have arranged for you. The driver ,  Mr. Olsson ,   works for us since . He will pick you up at  11:00  a.m. The conference is from  12:00  to  2:00  p.m. At the end of  the  conference  there  is a party from  2:00  to  3:00 . I suggest you  wear  comfortable and nice clothes because I have  planned  a sightseeing  tour  for you . Before   you catch  your plane at  8:00  p.m. I'd like to show you a museum, a gallery and the gardens that  belong  to the palace. Then we can have a rest in the  cafe  and talk before your flight home. I think I  have given  you all  the   important   information . I hope to see you all soon . 
Yours sincerely,
 Nowadays   motorization  is one of the most important inventions.  When  you look  around  everybody has a car or motorcycle.  No matter that people started  worried  more about  pollution  in the world .
Let me to tell you   how  the  invention of  the  motorcycle has affected my life. I love  motorcycles  and I don't think I could live without them. I  have ridden   a   motorcycle  since I was 16  years  old. Me and my brother    used to go to    rock concerts. We  met  a lot of people there  who were as  mad about  motorcycles  as we were. We  organized  races and trips. We  rode   motorcycles   for a  few  days   before  we finally  got  to  our   meeting  points.
I really enjoy  riding   my   motorcycle . People say that  it  is dangerous ;  I don't think so. When I  ride   it  is only me and my  motorcycle .  In front of  me and  (after*/behind)  are my friends ,   who  I like and trust. And around me  is the   countryside  ,   which  I can  watch  and enjoy while we  look   for   a  camp. We can go to any place we like,  avoiding  traffic and     crowded  buses  and  trains, etc.
I am really  grateful   (for*/to)   the  people who invented the first  motorcycle  in the world. I feel very bad about  the fact  that I don't know who  it was . On the other hand  no matter that I feel very good about that  because that invention has changed and affected my life  and   the  people I care about ;   it  has affected my life in  the  very best way.
Dear Maria
First at all, I am sorry about  Richard's  illness. Please remember me to him and give him my best wishes.  concerning  your request, I'm going to give you all the information that I think you  will  need . However  ,  you can call me if you consider it necessary . (My  phone number is 2496 9731 .) 
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel. Because it is a  well-known  hotel it should be easy to find it. Moreover, it is really  well located  so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem.  More importantly  the conference is going to take place in the Exhibition Centre, which is located only five  minutes'   walk     from the  hotel .
We haven't  asked for any special clothes  so I would wear casual and comfortable clothes, although you can come  well dressed , if you feel better  that way . After the conference we are going to have an informal dinner  with a previous snack time  in order to introduce  ourselves to  each  other .
Finally ,  in my opinion, you should visit the Art Gallery. It will take you two or three hours but it's a gorgeous place. I look forward  to  hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
"Sagrada Familia" ,  a real  holy  building.
If you are looking for a special building in Barcelona, which you  will  like whatever your tastes are, you should visit the "Sagrada Familia". Among the  large  number of choices, this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view  from  the top of its towers, a charming story and one of the most representative examples of     Catalonian   modernist  art.
Gaudi conceived  of  this church  in  1912, though it wasn't until 1920 they started to build it. Since the beginning the work  has been  interrupted  (in*/at)  different  times  and started again. After  Gaudi's  death  it was critical stop which was fortunately solved  three years later. Nowadays,    hard work is being done in order to finish  it  as soon as possible.
The visitor can  wander  around  the whole  building or follow a guided  tour . There is  an  exhibition room where maps and  plans  can be  consulted . And, unless you suffer from  a  heart  problem , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top. There you can enjoy a terrific view . Not  only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this  magnificent  building.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
I am  sorry  to hear that Mr. Brown is ill .  I hope it  isn't   serious . However, I will be glad to give you as much information as you need and I hope you will find it helpful.
 The  name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay    is  the  Palace Hotel . To  get there you must go to the centre of town . All   the  buses  go  there .  Once you are in the centre , the  Palace Hotel is right in front of the tourism information office.
For the end-of-conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us  with   live  music and  catering . Due the hotel  being  such an elegant place I would suggest  dressing  up in  evening dress .
Finally, to fill your free afternoon I would  definitely   recommend   visiting  the cathedral and  having  a walk  around  the old part of the city . If  you  want  ,  it will be my pleasure to show you the  area .
Yours sincerely,
Chairs are not only part of the  furniture , they are also objects of  decoration  and you can even find some in museums  where they are  art  objects .
Who could have invented such a useful item? In fact, nobody has got  an   idea , but it must have been the most clever person on earth!
 The  world is packed with so many  types  of chairs, from the common  wooden  ones to the most  sophisticated  and  comfortable   others finding a  basic  range of prices .
From my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most  useful  gadget ever invented. Some people use them in their work, others  wish  to  sit   in  one by the end of the day and for some other people a  wheelchair  represents the  possibility of  movement  . Although  it  is worth  saying  that not everybody can   choose   his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help. I hope I will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference.
Firstly, the Palace Hotel is waiting for you and your students. The best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk. Actually, the college is situated 500  metres     from the  hotel .
As you know, the conference will be followed by a party. It will begin at 7 p.m .  and last until late in the evening. You don't need to worry about what you should wear to this event. In fact, the purpose of the end-of-conference party is to relax after a busy day . Therefore  you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on.
To conclude, we decided to organize a guided tour by coach, as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off.
I hope the international student conference will help  everyone   to get  to know each other better and that it will be a success.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Sir or Madam,
I'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me  for  information on an interesting building to visit. There  are  so many places of interest in Lausanne, but I think that the Olympic Museum is the most notable for the following reasons:
The Olympic Museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in Europe. It shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first Olympic Games in Greece. You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been  made  to improve them. You can admire every kind of  equipment  you need to do any particular sport. You will be informed about the  history  of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used  nowadays   in   high  competitions.
The museum is near the city  centre  and is accessible by bus or walking. It will  take  you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor,  which is   well known  for being one of the best  establishments  in Lausanne.
I hope my recommendations will help you  in the choice of  a building to visit.
Yours faithfully,
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions.
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel, a five star hotel, which offers many facilities. It is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms. The students can get there  (with*/on)  the No 35 bus. They must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five  stops  at Palace Station. The hotel is opposite the station.
At the  end of the conference  ,  the college, in which the conference will be held, gives a party for all the students.  They  will be offered light food, like sandwiches, pommes frites, chips, sweets and different drinks - no alcohol. There will be  live  music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves. It would be better to wear casual clothes, because they are more comfortable and are liked by students.
On the last day, the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city, which can be arranged if the students want to. The group can also visit the zoo, the opera or stay and relax  (at*/in)  the college's enormous garden and enjoy the  scenery .
Do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information. I am looking forward to seeing you.
 Yours  sincerely,
To: Group Leader of American students
From:
Subject: An interesting building to visit
Here is information about the Castle in Nyremberg
Location: The castle is in the city centre  near  an enormous church.  You  can get to the city centre  (with*/on)  the No.456 bus and then  go  on foot to the castle.
Service: It is over 100 years old but it is kept in    good condition by the local people, who are  proud  of this castle.
Activities: At  the  time of the year   you will visit Nyremberg,  many theatrical plays or concerts are taking place in the castle .
View: From the castle you can have a wonderful view of  the whole  town, especially at night when all the lights are on. It is a different  experience .
History: At the castle  there  are always  a  few guides, who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle (when it was built, by whom and why), which makes everyone  enthusiastic .
RECOMMENDATION
I  recommend   visiting  this castle, because it is interesting,  marvellous  and something different. It is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit Nyremberg. Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different  experience  and a lesson too. By the way ,  you can visit the
Dear Marie,
I am  writing  in connection with your letter  about  the international student conference. I  appreciate  if I can offer you my help. I would like to give you  the  necessary details, which  will  help you to organise the conference.
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students, which is    very comfortable and close to our college. You need only  spend  5 minutes    walking to  get to  the college.
After  the  conference we are planning to organise a big party with  a  barbecue. The party will take place  (on*/in)   a  forest close to  a   campsite . I hope we will have    nice weather. Therefore, I suggest  wearing     casual clothes. On the  afternoon of the last day  ,  if you have some free time ,  I would recommend you  visit  a very famous  exhibition  of Leonardo Devinci. The  exhibition  will take place  (on*/at)   the  "Gribaldi museum", which you can find on    Crariden street ,  N 5. You will never  regret   about  my suggestion. If you need more information let me  know .
Best regards,
Report on the building at    Berkeley Square.
In order to prepare this report I visited the business college and interviewed some students, I asked them only one question :  "Which building do you find  most beautiful  and  most interesting  in our city?"
The  students    who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our  city . However ,  the majority of people point out one    very old building, which you can find at Barkeley Square. Most of the  students  found this building very  special , because it reflects our history, tradition and culture. If you visit the building, you will get  the  impression,  the  feeling, that you are in  the   past . This building attracts a lot of people   - because it has a very  special  style with majestic, antique windows.
In addition, I also visited this place - and I was very impressed.
Finally I would recommend you  visit   the  Barkely Square area. In this area you  can  also find  other  different buildings,  which would you attract .
report  (on*/by)  the group leader
from
12.06.01
Dear Maria Smith,
Thank you for your letter and I will try to help you. I  must  remind you that the international student conference will be    next month on the first of July.
The hotel that we booked  is  the Palace Hotel ,  which is near the bus station. When you are in the bus station you will catch    bus number 37 ,  which will go to  the  town  centre . From there you will walk  (until*/to)  the college because it is easier to get there  that way  than to get    another bus. Anyway the college is the first road on your right from  the  town  centre .
After the conference some  food and drink  will be available in the  sports centre  ,  which is well equipped for  discos . Our party has a special  theme  :  'Western'. So we suggest  wearing   cowboy-style  clothes.
On your last day you could go to the  sports museum  ,  which is  great  and famous around the world ,  or  just  go for a walk around  Reconvillier Park .
I hope that I  have   answered  all of your  questions  and that the conference will be  great .
Yours sincerely.
From:
To: the group leader
Subject: old Roman School.
Introduction: I am writing to  describe the location and architecture for you  and  tell  the story of the old Roman school  (from*/of)  Courtelary. I hope that you will  go  there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful  things  to see. It is the  only  old Roman school in the world.
Location: Courtelary is situated in Switzerland and the school is on the top of the town's hill. This place is very important because it is there that an  emperor   grew  up.
Architecture: It is a typical <NS type="MN"></NS> from this  epoch  with beautiful   drawing   on the wall and  first kind of writing  in the  sports   centre . The door is enormous because for them the  entrance  was  very  important.
History:  It all  began when Ogus Micius said that  Romans   needed  to go  (at*/to)  school. They decided to build more  schools  ,   especially  in Switzerland because the people  there  were  considered  clever. During the Second World War all  the   schools  were demolished  and  only  ours  is left.
Conclusion: I  have given  you a lot of  reasons  to  go   (in*/to)  this building and I hope you will enjoy your trip  (in*/to)  my town.
Dear Mrs. Smith
Thank you very much for your letter   which I received yesterday. I am sure    that  together we can   spend   a good student conference  (in*/at)  my college. I will  now give you  some useful information.
First of all, we come to some important points  (for*/about)  the organisation. The group has been booked into a  comfortable  and  well-situated  hotel, whose name is  the   " Palace Hotel". The hotel is on the  right-hand  side of    Parker Piece, which you can find on the map   which I will send you. The  " Palace Hotel" is 5  minutes'   walk  from the station. The conference is  taking place  in the building opposite the bus stop.
After a short speech from our director, the evening entertainment will    begin. In a  well-known  and  pleasant  pub in the city centre we  have   some  food and drinks.  Also  ,  there will be a very famous  live  band. You do not have to wear     formal  clothes.
You asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon. Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but  something   that is   special  is our  cathedral . The architecture  takes  you back  (into*/to)  the old  times . <NS type="M"></NS> as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing. We  also have  an interesting museum and a modern theatre.
Finally, I am sure you and your group will  spend  some  enjoyable  ,   relaxing  days  here . Please do not hesitate to contact me for    more information.
I look forward to meeting  you  soon.
Yours sincerely.
Inventions have affected all our lives!
What is it  that  we use every day  for  many hours?  Sometimes   from  early in the morning until late in the evening. Yes ,  it is the TV. It is   well known   in almost all  families , <NS type="M"></NS> often with a lot of different  channels .
First of all, the TV can  bring  us news in a short time,  about  what  is happening  all over the world. Another point in favour of    the TV is   that  it   shows     interesting reports, for instance about animals or  the  different culture  (from*/of)  other  countries . Furthermore  there   are  a lot of different  programmes , usually something for everybody. It  can   also be  relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work. Finally, the TV is in my opinion very useful for getting important information, you can  watch  the weather <NS type="MN"></NS> and all of them  are presented  in wonderful colour.
To sum up, in my opinion the TV is a very good and useful invention. However,  it   shows  a lot of violence which is not good for    children. I  cannot  imagine  living  without  television , it is something  that  we need for our education,  and  for getting news and other helpful information.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
I have just received a letter from you. I    really appreciate your  interest   (about*/in)  our conference.
Firstly, the Palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked. This is  a  very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased  (with*/about)  staying there.
Secondly, you will have no problems finding the conference. Obviously, using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for  a  student. However, we have already  arranged  a mini-bus for you. The bus will be in front of your hotel at 1 p.m. and it will take you to the conference.
Thirdly, we will have the end-of-conference party at 6 p.m. You can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi-classical concert which we have  been preparing  for 3 months. But I hope you will wear  a  formal suit and dress. You will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes. Lastly, you  will  not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because we have a lot of  attractions . Cambridge bus tour, for example, will be very nice    for you because it is the best and the easiest way of  getting to know  Cambridge. But if you do not like it, you can enjoy  the  City centre  (by*/with)   a  walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in Cambridge.
I hope you will be happy with our conference and party    etc. We have  been preparing  all of them for a long time. Please oblige us with your attendance. If you want more information, please let me know.
Your sincerely
Dear Mr or Miss,
Welcome to my town and I    really appreciate your visiting. I would like you to visit 'COEX' building which is located in Samsung-dong south of Seoul.
I will tell you some information about this building. This building consists of a world  exhibition  centre, a multiplex cinema, a huge shopping mall, a huge food court and an aquarium. Now  the world software for Linux exhibition is being held  in  the   exhibition  centre. If you are interested in  computers , it will give you  great   pleasure . For a multiplex cinema, it is the biggest cinema in Asia and it has 18 screens. Therefore you can enjoy all  the  latest films there.
If you want to buy something,  especially  clothes,  the  shopping mall, which is called 'COEX mall', will be the best place: very cheap and lots of  designer  clothes.
Also, you'd better not miss the food court. It  provides  all kinds of food. Korean food, Italian food... you can enjoy them all. Lastly, I really want you to go to the aquarium. Actually I have been there three times but I still want to go there again. I am sure you will like this very much.
I hope you will enjoy yourself in my town. I would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation. And if you need someone to guide you, please send me  an  e-mail or give me a call. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am writing to inform you that I have  received  a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college.
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel ,  which is not very far from my college. However, due to the  congestion  and   delays   near the hotel, the best way to get from there to the conference is  (by*/on)   the  underground,  from  Victoria Street  Station . You  will  arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes.
At the end-of-conference party, you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities.  Different  types of clothing  can  be worn . However,   jean wears  and T-shirts  will  be  common  on that day.
Instead  of  staying in the hotel for the last three hours, I suggest that you    perhaps visit our town centre. The popular attractions in our town, including the art gallery, museum, aquarium,  and  market square,  can  be found near  the  monument of our town, the Saltisy Bridge.
I am looking forward to  seeing  you soon.
Yours sincerely,
The Little Woods shopping mall
Location
The Little Woods shopping mall is an  ideal  place for you and your group to visit. It is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum. It can be  accessed by the nearby train station .
Facilities
For those students who are very interested in shopping, clothes shops, jewellery,  stationery ,  bookshops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are  available . For those who want something more exciting and  adventurous , you are   recommended   to visit the Fun Fair and amusement  arcade  on the top floor of the building. Other facilities such as cinemas, theatres,  and  large department stores  can  also be found  there . There is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from  abroad   who want  to  use  the car park.
Conclusion
Not only  will the tourist information centre  provide  any  information you might need, you  can  also visit the ICT block ,  which allows you to  access onto anything you want to know from the computers . A special trip could also be organized.
Dear Maria,
I've  received  your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you  are going  to organise very soon . Here   you   have a little help for it .
 First , I'd like to tell you that the hotel where you  are going  to stay is "The Palace Hotel",  which  is situated at the  centre  of the town. It can't be difficult to find, because  it  is very near  (of*/to)  the conference. Also there is a bus provided  (for*/by)  the organisation to take all the students  (at*/to)  the hotel. At the end of the conference  there  will be a party. I might suggest you  wear  a casual  outfit , because many students  feel   like  relaxing after  a  whole day sitting and listening  at  the conference. The party  will be   amazed  by a group of musicians, and    I  remember     last year it was  unforgettable , because all the people  were  dancing and having a lot of fun.
It is a well-situated town with a lot of museums to visit ,  especially "the History  Museum " ,   which  I visited last year, and I think you  will  enjoy  it    . It doesn't take a lot of time to  visit  and    entrance is free.
 Hoping  I've been very helpful to you.
Yours sincerely,
 THE  TELEPHONE  HAS CHANGED  OUR  LIVES 
It's  impossible   nowadays  to  imagine  a life without that invention  how quickly affects our life especially in business . We can't imagine a big company without a phone,  which  can  make  business more   quick   than anything else.
Also, I  have been  asking     a lot of  people in the street :  Could you live without  a  telephone? The answer was  always  the same :  " Impossible ". An old woman told me how important  the phone was  when her only son was abroad  studying  computers  (in*/at)     "Chicago University" . She  told me that every night  she   expected  a call from her son,  because   her was the line of the  happiness  .
However ,   there  was one  person   who     told me    he  wasn't happy at all with the phone, because he used to  write  a lot, especially at Christmas  when he wanted  to wish all his friends a very nice Christmas but now everybody  phones  him ,   ending  a very old  tradition .
In my opinion this little "box" that everybody has at home can  save  your life, especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation.
In conclusion don't make    very long phone calls and you won't have to pay a very expensive bill.
Dear Mrs Smith:
My name is Juniper .  I am helping to organise the conference in the college. I received your letter the other day and I am writing to answer your questions.
The group has been booked into  the  Palace Hotel ,  which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held. You can take the No.41 bus from the hotel to the conference . It  only takes ten minutes approximately.
As for the end-of-conference party, it will be on the morning of the last day ,  starting at 9:00. All the students and  staff  will  attend  together in the hall. They can play games and talk about  their  personal  experiences . The main aim of  this  is to  strengthen  the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world. So it would be fine if you  wore  casual clothes and  looked  smart.
I have made  arrangements  for the afternoon on the last day for you. If you are free I will show you  around  our college. You can visit our  newly built  science lab as well. I'm sure you would acquire a lot of knowledge there.
I'm looking forward to meeting you.
Best wishes.
Best choice
Welcome to London. You asked me  (for*/about)  an interesting building to visit.  In my opinion ,  I recommend   the  British Museum. One of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about British history there.
The museum looks very old ,   like  some other buildings in London, but it is very modern inside. After going through the enormous main door, you can see a huge  round white  building ,  which is a library. A lot of famous people have been to this library   !
The British Hall is on the first floor, not far from the library. It shows a large number of valuable things. Almost  every  one tells you a story or gives you a picture  (about*/of)  British history. I'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful  lesson !
Apart from    national history, there are more   contents   about the  history  of the world. You can go to many sections such as  the   Asian  Hall,  Egyptian  Hall,  European  Hall and so on.  The countless  fascinating things will  definitely  take you the whole day to appreciate. After a visit to  the  British Museum, you will  certainly be  able to put your history textbook away!
Also you don't have to pay any money for it, and the transport is extremely convenient, therefore  the  British Museum is your best choice. Don't be hesitant any more!
Dear Maria,
First of all, I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill. As the conference must go on, I will give you the information you asked for in order to work on    this conference.
 Concerning  the hotel, the group has been  booked  to stay in a hotel which is very near the place  where  we are going to have the conference. The hotel is The Palace Hotel.  It is     only 5  minutes'  walk from there to the conference and I would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference.
 Regarding  the party, we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel  where  you will stay. The party will  have     a  relaxed  atmosphere so don't worry about what to wear. There will be only our group, so  wear  whatever you want and enjoy  yourself .
Lastly,  what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours, for some people who want to go shopping . The shopping centre is just    opposite    the hotel . However , some people may want to just wait at the hotel, having a cup of coffee. The cafe in the hotel is available.
I hope that  this  information will be useful. If you have any questions I am more than happy to help. I look forward to seeing you at the conference.
Yours sincerely.
Could you live without this?
Imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had  gone . How would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ?  How would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how     to get  yourself breakfast without  a  toaster!!! How would you cope with all  that ?
Thank god for those who  created   our  electricity and   had applied applied  it into every  appliance .  Electricity  is a clever invention. Everything  is based  on the use of electricity, for instance from a little  light bulb  to the most complicated computer system which  stores  priceless information! Life wouldn't be easy if we didn't have electricity.  Electricity  is very important in keeping our lives  going . No matter where you are, what you do,   apparently  , you need    electricity. Let's think  about it  this way :  if we didn't have    electricity, there would be no other inventions at all!!
I, personally, couldn't live without    electricity. It has already  affected  and  played  a great role in my life. I watch the television and use the computer  every day . Moreover, other facilities in my house,  the  telephone, air-conditioner, fridge, for example, they    all need    electricity.  That is  why it is very important to my life.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I would like to thank you for your letter. I am sorry to learn that Richard Brown cannot attend the conference. Please  give  him my best wishes for his recovery.
We have booked rooms for all members of your group at the Palace Hotel. It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building,  approximately  one mile away. There is a direct bus link between the two locations: this is  the   number six bus line ; the  bus stop  for the conference building is called "Avenue de cour" and the one at the Palace Hotel is named "Main station".
Concerning the party ,  we do not have a casual  dress code .  Students  usually wear dark clothes ,  with a tie for the boys and a  medium-length  skirt or dress for the girls.
There are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon. I would like to suggest visiting the "Ethnographic Museum "  which is  kind of  unique in the world.
Looking forward to meeting you soon
I remain, yours sincerely , 
The car:
I think that the car is one of the human inventions that has    most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries.
Nowadays  more than the percents  of    world industry is related to the automotive business: car manufacturing,  oil   extraction  and refining,  tyre  recycling, and so on.
The industrial countries have encountered  great   change   (of*/in)  their  structures  since the car has been made available to everyone.
At the beginning of the last  century  only a few very rich people could afford a car; it was  a  kind of leisure or sport to drive one. Today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities. The transport network has changed  in accordance with  this social evolution.
The increasing number of  cars related and infrastructure   is  now  creating  problems.
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded, and  environmental   problems  are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries.
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the  environment  without  affecting  their mobility.
This will be a tough challenge for this new century.
 Dear Mrs Smith, Hello Maria . In this letter you will get all the information that you need.
The hotel that group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel ( ( in */on)  the Victoria road). And you can  catch  the Bus in front of the hotel to go to the College. It is four bus stops  away . Then walk  straight ahead  for five minutes . You  will see the college.
After the party, we will go to an  entertainment area  to have fun and we will eat in Mc'Donalds. The rest you already  know . I suggest  wearing  shirts and jeans.
And the last three hours before you return, we can go to the "Imax" cinema to watch a 3-D film!  Afterwards  we  will eat  in the KFC. Then we  will all take  you and the students to the airport. That's  everything . I  wait  you.
 Yours   sincerely 
Madrid is a big city and  has  many interesting places. But the best place for me is "La Vaguada" , an   entertainment  and commercial building.
In there, students can have fun in the recreation areas, can watch a film and eat all  kinds  of food and  go  shopping. We can have fun as well. And that's why I recommend this place to you.
The building itself is a large building. It is very safe as there are policemen and cameras. The  building  seems to be very new but it is quite old. People love this place and called it " Madrid Two ".
Around it, there are many restaurants and shops as the building  attracts  a lot of people. Inside, there are fast-food restaurants and shops as well. And it is easy to  get to . Just take the  83 bus  or the  subway . In here, you can find everything that you want. Hope you like it.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am  writing   to  you to  answer  your question about the conference in London.  Thank  you for your letter. I am very  pleased  to know you decided to come to the " Second  International  Conference   (of*/on)  Human Rights" which will be  held   (in*/at)  Albert Hall  College   on     25    June.
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to   has been booked  (in*/into)   the  Palace Hotel   in the  centre  of London from the  24th   of  June until  the   25th  of June. The Albert Hall College, the building where  the conference will be held  is  situated  near Green Park Avenue . To  get  to  it from the Palace Hotel ,  you can take the  number 26 bus , otherwise, you can take the Picadilly Line from South Kensigton  station  to  Green  Park station. It takes about 10 minutes     , that's the  quickest   means  of transport you can choose. The Conference will start at 9 am  (of*/on)  25 June and will finish about 6 pm  (in*/on)  the same day. During the day  you   are  supposed  to have  a break of half  an  hour at 12  noon  and finally,  there will be  a party for all the people who will be there. That will be a  formal  party and because of this,  you will be required to be smartly dressed . Ladies should wear an evening dress and  gentlemen  a dark suit.
As I can see from your letter, you will have about three hours before you catch your plane, so, I would suggest  you   visit   the  Tate Modern Museum, where you will    find several interesting pictures such as  Dalis   and  Warhols.
If you need some more information or details about  the  conference, you can contact Alexia on 0033***   .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Introduction
The aim of this report is  to give  some suggestions to a group of American students who  have  just arrived in Rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit.
Rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings, for this reason I would suggest  they   visit  : 
1) "Fontana di Trevi" sited in Trevis Square in the  centre  of Rome. That's a small square where there is a  very big fountain . It was built by  the   architect Canovas  in 1638. That is the fountain  in  which <NS type="M"></NS>  the film "Dolce Vita"      took place .
2)  On the other hand , there is  the  Villa Borghese  building  .  That is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of Antonio Canovas and, Bernini, who  lived  for a long time    in Rome.
CONCLUSION
I would recommend  to  them  these  buildings because:
1) First of all,  they  are  located  in the  centre  of Rome so   they can take a bus to get  to  them  move and around the city .
2) Secondly, they can enjoy visiting museums, and afterwards they can  have  something to eat or to drink in the "pizzerias' and restaurants near these famous places. In conclusion, they could combine art,    history and     nightlife   by  visiting  only one  place  and  without  spending  much money.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
Thank you for your letter. I am writing to give some information on the conference as you  requested .
First of all, your group has been booked into Palace Hotel which is very convenient to stay  in  and has  a  beautiful landscape. I would recommend you get to the conference by subway, because  the  subway station is situated    5 minutes' walk from the hotel. It will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college.
There will be a party after the conference. We will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing, play musical instruments and so on, but you can join  in  if you wish. Therefore, you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes.
Finally, this area has its reputation for shopping centres, so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes, local food, and so on. You will be able to buy them  (in*/at)   a   reasonable price.
I hope you will enjoy your stay in my country. I look forward to meeting all of you.
Yours sincerely,
Amusement Centre
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give information on the Amusement Centre in Seoul. It is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed.
Facilities
It was found that the Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul to enjoy yourself. There is a wide range of facilities including theatres, game centres, Korean restaurants. In particular,    people seemed to be satisfied with  the  theatres, because the screen is massive. The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular  (to*/with)  foreigners.
Things to buy
It  seems  you can buy everything you want  (in*/at)   a  reasonable price in the building.  In particular , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap. However, you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish.
Conclusion
In short, the Amusement Centre is  a  fascinating place and it deserves a visit. I would highly recommend this building, because  you  cannot  only  enjoy yourself but also experience Korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
Thank you for your letter. It's a shame that I won't see Richard because of his illness, but I'm willing to help you as much as I can.  So  I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter.
Firstly, about your  accommodation ,  the  college which I belong to offers  visitors  free  accommodation  with  full of  facilities   (for example ,  bath, car park, free internet access, etc.) .   They also are  located  (in*/on)  our campus so you can get to the conference by  walking .
Secondly, as you know ,  we'll have a party after the conference, which will  take  place at our student council hall  with some meals . This party is unlikely to be that formal, but I recommend you  don't wear  jeans and  trainers .
 Last , if you have  some  free time   ,  you should  visit Kamakura City, which is 30 minutes from our campus by train. That is  a  very traditional Japanese city where     there are many temples and monuments . I'm sure you'll enjoy it and maybe  become   familiar  with our culture.
By the way, if you have any other questions, please send me a letter again.
Oh Baby, I can't live without you!
These days,  we're   surrounded  with so  many  different kinds of products which our ancestors invented. In our daily life, however, we seldom notice how     easy   a  life we've got  or , what is more, how     difficult  our grandparents  found it . How nasty we are! Let us try to appreciate  their  importance again.
As for me, the invention which is most important to me is  the  personal computer. I have been a  full-time  student in the university at home, and their classes all  require  us to have personal  computers  and use them at  all  times. When you take the class on computer programming, you will  definitely  need one and  that  holds true for the class on politics, because you have to study  statistics  on your computer     to do  social research and some   analyses  . My professor said ,  ' Go  and get   familiar   with your computer, otherwise you'll fail'.
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we  usually  use without     thinking . That's the nature of human  beings . But   I think it's not only our fault but    evidence of how much they  have integrated   themselves   (in*/into)  our life.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am  replying   to  your letter     in which  you asked for some information about the conference in Peterborough Regional College.
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel ,  which is situated in the city  centre ,    15  minutes'   walk  from where the conference  takes  place   .  (In*/On)  the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the Regional College.
The conference will start at 7 p.m . ,  the same day we expect , the 18th of June. Our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks, drinks and music. For the people  who are  interested in  it , there will  also be     karaoke.
Everybody should wear formal clothes, at least, a little bit formal. No jeans  or   tee shirts .
There  are  a lot of places you can visit in Peterborough. We have a Cathedral you can visit anytime and the  riverside , which is    best if it is a nice day, sunny  and  warm, for  taking  a walk. For    details ,  look  (in*/at)  the  map on the next page .
Yours sincerely,
Alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her. She had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special. So, she took the bus, like every morning, and she went to school. But that day was a little bit different: she had her maths exam. She had never passed  a  maths exam and she was really nervous.
Half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to  have  a cup of tea. She sat down and ,  what a surprise ,  she found a lottery ticket. Nobody was around her, so she took the ticket , drank  her cup of tea and    went to the classroom where the exam took place. She  did really well in the exam , she was very surprised, and after the exam she went home.
She  spent  the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the TV show at 8 o'clock. At  that  time, she turned on the TV and while the  lottery  man was shouting  out  the winning numbers, she checked hers and what  a surprise it was  that the last 4 numbers were the same!! She  won  £500!!!
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am  writing  to answer your letter where you asked for information about the  conference  and other points in relation  (with*/to)   it .
The hotel where your group has been booked is the Palace Hotel. It is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city, and that is very near  (of*/to)  the college  where  the conference is  being held -  five  minutes'   walk .  Walking  is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus. When you arrive  (to*/at)  the  colleges  there will be people indicating the way to the conference room.
At the end of the conference we are  throwing  a party with some cold  food  and some drinks. There will be music as well for dancing. The director of the  college  has suggested  wearing  smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice.
 I have some suggestions regarding the afternoon before you leave . In the  vicinity  of the  hotel  there are two interesting places to visit. One is the Picasso museum and the other is an important Gallery where you can enjoy seeing  different  kinds of paintings.
I hope my information  will  help you and it has been useful for you.
I am looking forwards to  seeing  you at the  conference .
Yours sincerely,
There is an invention that I think    has been very important: the computer.
The computer is very useful and  it  has  affected  our own  lives    in  different   ways . The computer has  made   a lot of jobs easier .  Jobs that you needed, for example, three hours for  you can do    in ten minutes;  the same ! But computers  haven't only affected   us  in a good way because  thanks     to computers the number the  jobs   available  for     people  is  smaller . But    they have definitely  been a very important invention.
The last  relationed  with computers is  the   Internet .  (By*/With)   the   Internet  you can  communicate  with people  (of*/in)   different  places of the world at the same moment. And you can  get  lots of  information  about a lot of things.  You can find everything that you need   (in*/on)   the   Internet .
Nowadays  computers  are very  advanced  and  they   are   increasing . What will be    next?
12 June 2001.
Dear Maria Smith,
I  received  your letter and I'm happy to help you. We booked the Palace Hotel for your group . It's  nice and quiet. I'm sure you'll be fine here. We chose the Palace Hotel because it's near our college, too. So you are going to  get   (at*/to)  the conference in  a few  minutes. When you go out of the  hotel  turn right and go  straight  on ;   turn right again at the first crossroads . At the end of this street you can see our college on your left . It's  a green building. At the end-of-conference party  there'll  be something to eat and to drink. In the big room where we'll have the party,  there'll  be some  pictures  of our college . You'll  see  all  the generations who passed  through  here.  Clothes  aren't very important, but it'll be fine if the people  wear  something different from the usual jeans.
Here we have a lot of  great  things to do, but the best you can do in about three hours is  visit  the  art  museum.
We  are all  looking forward to seeing your group.
Yours sincerely,
TELEVISION
What would our world be without television? It isn't easy  to give  an answer  (at*/to)  this question. Television is an important invention . It   has given  us  a  better     means  of communication. This animated box can give us a lot of  information     from all around the world.
Television has affected the " all days life ,,, too. We can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some  programmes , all  that  we have to do is  watch . And we like that, because it's easier  doing nothing  than engaging ourselves in something that  makes  us do something.
So television can be a positive or a negative invention . It  depends on  what  use we want to  make  of this box.
Now we should be able to answer    the  introducing  question. No, I don't think so. Television has become so important for us that we can't  imagine   that it couldn't exist .
12   June, 2001
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
Thank you for your letter about the international student conference. Here are  the  answers  (for*/to)  your questions.
You will stay in the Palace Hotel, which is situated  opposite  the railway station, Camberley. To get  to  the conference, you catch the  No.7 coach  from the station and get off at the Camberley College bus stop. It takes 5 minutes from the station. When you get here, just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held.
The end-of-conference party will be held  (at*/in)  the cafeteria in the college, which is next to the stadium. It starts at  6 p.m.  and ends at  10 pm . We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign  countries  will prepare their ethnic foods.
There is a museum next to the Camberley Station, which has  a  good collection of paintings and  pottery , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time.  Also , there are a lot of shops around there . You  can buy souvenirs.
I am looking forward to meeting you.
Yours sincerely,
To: Student from the United States
From: Juli
The aim of this report is to describe the Haunted Castle in Camberley.
Place
This castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods.  The inside  of the castle is always dark ,  even in  the  daytime.
Story
It is 500 years old, and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost. She appears  occasionally  and opens every window in the castle. It is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window. People said she was seeking something and  is  still seeking  it  even  though  she  has been  dead for 500 years.
Conclusion
The ghost story may not be true, but it has good furniture  (of*/from)   the  16th century, and the castle itself is very beautiful. I think it is  worthwhile   seeing   it .
I hope you'll enjoy  going  there.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
Thank you very much for your letter.  As you asked me in the letter , I am very happy to help you with     the  details of the conference.
The hotel that your group will be staying at is  the  Palace Hotel. It is reasonably near to the college, so it may be very  nice  to walk from the hotel along  the  River Thames following  the  yellow signs on sunny days. If it rains, you can take  the   54 bus  that stops in front of the college.
The end-of-conference party is designed to give  a   taste   (about*/of)  many different cultures. So you will enjoy traditional foods, music, dances and games from all over the world. As a part of this, the leader of each group has to wear  the   national dress  of her country. Other members of  the  groups can wear    normal ,   attractive  formal dress.
On the last day, I recommend that you  visit  the place that is located at the centre of our city. It is about 1000 years old, so I am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it.
Yours sincerely,
Can you imagine your life without any computers at all? Well, I am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a  desert !
If you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them, it must be clear  to you  that  the  invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives. For example, all  infrastructures  ,  such as  public   transport  and power stations ,  are  run  using computers , the  government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country, and all  kinds  of  institutions  and businesses ,  such as hospitals and supermarkets ,  use them as essential  capitals . In other words, almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers.  So I am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important .
From my personal experience, I can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool. It improves  the   productivity  of my homework,  which   often involves  essay writing, and also it allows me to access    the  Internet . Since I live abroad, the  Internet  is really useful for me  to have a contact  with my  best friend  and  when I want  to know what is going on in my home country.
To sum up, I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers ,   which  has affected both  individuals  and    society as a whole.
Dear Maria,
I'm so happy to help you  (for*/with)  this international student conference. I'm  sorry to hear about  Richard. Could you please  give  him my best wishes  (of*/for)   his  health? I'm sure  that  you can perfectly replace  him  to lead your group.
 First , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel ,  that is one of the best in the town. The access to the conference place is very easy. First of all, you must walk down       Central Street until you arrive at the bus stop, then you take the  number two bus  that goes directly to the college.
After the conference, there is a great party that is  being organised  by friends. It starts at  eight  o'clock <NS type="M"></NS> until the end of the night, so be  prepared ! There is no special  dress code  but it  would  be more fun if you wear something crazy...
Finally, I  suggest  you  go  to the new college  swimming pool  on the last day  in   the  afternoon.  Everybody  will go there. I hope you will have fun!
Yours sincerely
Hello,
I will give you some  information  on     Yverdon's  castle. This building is one of the oldest that  is  in the  landscape  of the town. I think  it's  important to see it when you come  here  because it shows us how the town  has been developed  around it since its creation.
 These  days, the castle is being  remade , so there is a lot of construction  machinery  around it. That's not a big problem because there is a complete museum  (in*/inside)  it where you can see old pictures of the castle  (during*/over)  the centuries. There  are  a lot of old items that were in the King's family.
You  would  have probably heard about the mummy who  has slept  there for about two thousand years... You can see it in the dungeon. So you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide. I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice  holiday  in Yverdon.
Best regards,
Dear Mrs    Smith,
I want to inform you that I  have already talked  to Richard Brown and he informed me about the conference. Next week I will    start organising some events for this conference.
The  events  will  take place  at the Palace Hotel , the  same hotel that  you will be staying   at .  The Palace  Hotel is opposite     Clifton Park , which is near the college. We chose that hotel because  it is  near the college and we don't need       transport. Because you know where  the college is  and you need to bring    some things  (at*/from)  the college to  the  hotel ,  I think that  it  is better  for   all the group to come   (in*/to)   the  college and then we can  all go  together to the   Palace Hotel  . The conference  starts  at 9:00 o'clock ,  you need to be at the college half an hour before.
Concerning the end-of-conference  party  ,  I'm thinking about some dance and singing events.  Let me know what you think . About the clothes that  you  need to wear,  it  must be  your  uniform, because  it  is the best conference  (to*/in)  London and every year  lecturers come  from other colleges.
Finally ,  on the last day ,  we have organised a  sightseeing tour  around London. You will have the opportunity  of  visiting some museums and  the  zoo   . I think it is a nice idea.
If you want more information you can call me ,  my telephone number is 047***. Please ,  if you have  any  more ideas ,  send me a letter.
Yours  sincerely ,
 Nowadays   everyone   has  a telephone.  The telephone  is part of our life. It is one of the most important  inventions  all over the world.
 The telephone  is  a   means  of communication. If you want to talk  (with*/to)  your friends, parents,  or partner  to ask something, you can call them without wondering how  you  can    communicate with them.  Especially  if some of your relatives or friends  live  in  another  country you can communicate with them     every day  and you don't feel that they are far  away  from you.
Today ,  with the development of technology ,   the capabilities of the telephone have been improved .  There  are telephones that  give you  the opportunity to talk with more than one  person   (at*/on)  the line. Also you can leave a message if you call and can't  reach  someone. The  latest  type of telephone   is the mobile phone. You can use it everywhere and    anytime.
Finally ,   the  telephone ,  except|apart from  being   a   means  of communication, is  a   means   of  socialisation. Nowadays  we  are  very   busy  and we don't have free time to see our friends,  but  we can call them and talk or chat with them.  Young people especially   spend  many hours  on  the telephone and that  causes  trouble for their parents.
 The telephone  is  a  very important  invention  <NS type="M"></NS> if we can use it  correctly  without  using  it as  a  type of  entertainment  as     many people do nowadays .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
Thank you for your letter. I am writing to give you some advice  (of*/about)   the  international student conference.
First of all, the name of  the  hotel which we have been booked into is  the  Palace Hotel. And we have two  ways  to get to the conference, a bus or a train. Both of them are  as  convenient  as getting there .
The day before we will leave   , we have a party which takes place in our hotel. It is a kind of formal party, so we should be  well dressed . I suggest that you wear    formal dress. There  will be  some  finger food  and drinks. It might be a great party for  the  end of  the  conference.
 End of all , in my opinion we could go  to   the   centre  of the town because there  are  many places to have a look  at  and go shopping. It's quite a nice  area  and a suitable place to spend    three hours. It could be interesting for them.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Imagine our life without a telephone. If  the  telephone  hadn't  been invented, we wouldn't  have lived perfectly like nowadays .  Don't  you think we rely on it more than we  imagine ?
A telephone is used when we need to contact    someone, and also  in  emergency  situations  and  for   the   Internet . It has various   ways  to use  . However , nowadays it is not only used  (by*/for)  these  purposes , but also it keeps  us  company.  If  you feel  lonely , you can talk and hear from your  friends  easily. Then it makes you happy.
 A long  time ago people lived without this perfect invention. But how? They used to keep in touch  by  letter.  In spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was  the  only way. So that's why they have invented  the   telephone .
Now we  can   feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone . Who wouldn't  be   thankful  for this great invention?
Dear Maria:
Thank you for your letter.  It  will be pleasure to help you.
The following  is  some information about the International student conference.
The party will be    in  the  Palace Hotel. The Hotel is very close  to the  Town Hall. From  Park Square , just go straight. You can see the sign  (of*/for)   the  hotel.
This is  an  International student party, so I suggest you wear  traditional   costume . It looks nice and  has   good meaning .
You can  inform   all the  students  that  they  can   take  some  traditional  food to the party. After  the  meal, you can play some games and prepare  a   prize   (to*/for)  the winner. At the end of  the  conference you can dance and  sing  together.
 These are  my  suggestions   (about*/for)  this party. If you still have  a  problem, you can call me.
Love from,
Report  on the   LUTON University building 
I heard that a group of  American  students has just arrived in our town. I want to  introduce  an interesting building for them to visit.
It is  the  main building of LUTON University  (at*/in)   Park Square .  It  is  an  academic building. It  includes   a   library  ,   II suit ,  academic  rooms ,  a  GYM Club  and a  restaurant .
There is a very big  library . You can find any information from it  that  you want.  (At*/For)  the rest of  the  time, you can go to  the  IT  suite   to use   the  Internet. If you feel hungry, you don't need  to go  out.  Just   (at*/in)  the same building, you  can  find  a   restaurant .
I  recommend visiting this building  , because  American students  will know British students is how to study and different campus life . They can also talk with British students  to  communicate  study experience .
I think it will be interesting   for American students.
Dear Maria,
I would be pleased to help you  (about*/with)  all your questions and I will provide you  with   the  information which you need as  far  as I can.
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the  accommodation  of the group and it will be quite easy to get  everywhere   on foot from the hotel  during your stay.
As you know ,     we  are arranging  an evening party on the third day of the week, we can say that  it   is  a kind of relaxation time. Nothing will be   special  .  The place  is  the   college  garden.  The time  is 7 pm. There is no need to bother <NS type="MY"></NS> about  clothes . Everybody can  wear  something casual.
 Before   you   leave     England ,  I suggest you  visit  the  canals  and small villages around Basingstoke. You could  have  the  opportunity  to see the country life.
Yours sincerely,
Time flies
I have to admit that whoever invented    cars and transportation vehicles  came up with  the most  respectable   inventions  of the  world . I say that  they  must be the most important  things  for us because they  save  our  time  passing so fast.
Can you  deny  how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus ?   It is maybe  10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot. Try to imagine your life without having  any of  them. Wouldn't  it  be  unbearable  and  painful  ? 
 Certainly  it would be just like mine  because  I live in a rural area ,  far from any village, town, or city  centre .  To reach the  nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot. I have no car,  and  no local bus service to use. Even  coming  to Basingstoke seems like  an  international journey to me. And  of course  this stops me  everytime to live sociable life . But also I'm aware    that    time flies for me. I must do whatever I want  before  it is too late. And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most  useful  invention for    humanity.
Dear Mrs Smith
I have received your letter, which was about  that you would like me to inform you .
As you know, a hotel     called   the  Palace Hotel has been booked for your group. The best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi. I am afraid there are no buses to get there.
We will have a great party at the end of the conference. The party will be formal, therefore you  will have  to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress. As you know, it is not suitable to wear     jeans  or something  similar .
On your last day you have  the  afternoon free. In my area there is a fantastic park, which is the most famous park in the country. You can find a lot of things to do or to see. You can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park.
I hope you will find all the details   which you would like to have in the letter. If you need any  more  information, please let me know.
 Yours   sincerely ,
 The  Power Of Computurs.
How much can a computer affect your life? I think it  affects   you  more than you think.
When I was a child I always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that I liked, but it was nearly impossible to have them. I felt  the  lack of them. I first bought a computer  when  I was in university. It was  very  necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer.  At   that  time I  entered  the magic world of computers. Linking to the  Internet  was so popular.  The  Internet was something amazing for me. Can you  imagine  you have every  piece   of  information you need whenever you want  it ? Can you  imagine  you  can  contact    anyone who is from any country whenever you want  to ?
I meet a lot of people on  the   Internet  and it really  interests  me. I learn a lot about their culture by speaking  to  them on  the   Internet . I wasn't able to imagine this before. In addition  to  this, today companies can do nothing without a computer. Everything in this world  will work  with computers from now on.
Computers  have changed  my  lifestyle , my  opinions  about the world. And they  affect  everyone's life directly or indirectly.
Dear Mrs Smith
I am writing to answer your letter about the details of  the  international students conference.
 The  Palace Hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the Town Hall railway station, which is  on the  North City Line,  which  is  the  yellow line on the map. After getting on the train, you should get off at the Mountain station ,  which is  twenty minutes away  . It  is  opposite  the conference  venue .
The conference which ,  will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm, is a formal party. You should wear formal clothes, and are going to play a game and enjoy  a  welcome drink together.
Before catching our plane, we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon , because  there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents
Yours sincerely,
Dear Mr Wolf
I am writing to answer your question about    an interesting building to visit. I would like to introduce one building in my town.
"Sky Heaven" ,  which is the name of the building, is    fifteen minutes from the centre of my town. This building  has  a hundred  floors  and it takes    five minutes  to go  from the  ground  to the top in the elevator. There are many  attractions   such as  a museum,  an  exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping.
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the  tallest  building in the world. You should  go   to  the top of the building and  enjoy      an  amazing view. Another reason is that there is a good museum, which   tells   you about the history of my town so easily and clearly. It  will be  a good experience for your students.
I hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
Thank you for your letter.
I am writing to  answer   your  question.
Firstly, I  have already  booked  the  Palace Hotel for the students.  That  is the hotel near my college. It takes five minutes to get  to  my college  (by*/on)   foot . I will  copy the map around the college .
Secondly, I will tell you about the end-of-conference party. It will start at six o'clock. The party will be held in the  dining  room.  The people  who will attend the party  include  many  professors ,  semi-professors  and  faculties . So I suggest that the students should wear formal clothes.
Finally, I will give you some ideas for  an afternoon free time .  The city in which there is my college is traditional in my country . For example, there are many shrines, temples, and castles. I suggest that you should visit these places. You will have a good time. In addition, there are many other colleges. You will be able to  meet  many Japanese students.
I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference. If you would like to  get  more information, you  will ask me  every time  .
Yours sincerely.
I suggest that you should visit one building.
My town is the capital of Japan. So there are many  tall  buildings. I think it is like New York. However,  there is  only one building which I want you to visit.
The name of the building is 'Sunshine 60'. This is the  tallest  building in Tokyo. I recommend  visiting   it . I have three reasons for my recommendation.
Firstly, there is the  aquarium  in the building. In addition,  there  is the 60th floor . When  I went there  the  first time I couldn't  believe  it.
Secondly, if you  go  there, you will see  everything  in Tokyo. The  view  of Tokyo is not beautiful, but you  will think  that this city is a developing place. On the other hand you may  be surprised at  what a small city it is!!
Finally, there are many shops inside the building. You will have a good time    shopping.
I hope when you visit    you will be  favourite  place . You should  go  there.
Dear Mrs Smith
As you know ,  I am in charge  (for*/of)   organising  the conference in my college. Do not worry if Richard did not  leave  you all the information. I am pleased to help you.
We looked  (in*/at)  every hotel in  town  ,  trying to give you the best  offer . We found two good hotels  and  we decided  (for*/on)  the Palace Hotel. This has the best price that we could find.  On the  conference day our school driver is going to pick you up  (in*/at)  the hotel and take you to the conference.
The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is  to walk . You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very  casual   clothes .
Finally,  on  the last day I  suggest  you  go  to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around.
Yours sincerely,
Introduction
The aim of this report is to  recommend  you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego  Museum . This is  a  historical building. I asked    some  people  in town and this was the best place to choose.
History
The Fuerte de Sandiego  Museum  was  built  at the time when the Spanish people  were  trying to take all the lands from Mexico, one of the most important people who was at front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez,  the first Spanish in have more lands  than anyone at that time.
Place
The  Museum  is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco.  It is  situated  (in*/on)  the top of a little mountain in the "old" part  (on*/of)  the city. You are able to get there by car or  on foot  and see everything which was made at that time.
Conclusion
On the whole ,  this is the best building in Acapulco for  its  history and reputation.  It is  the best place to go and  it   is  easy to get there.
12th June 2001
 Dear  Mrs. Maria Smith,
I am very glad to help you  (about*/with)  the International Student Conference. I hope that our friend Richard Brown doesn't have any serious  illnesses .
 Referent , where is the conference ?  This will be in the Casino Hotel and we don't need to worry  (for*/about)  the best way  to get there  because    all the main routes in Devonport have signs  that show the  correct way to  this  popular hotel.
After    the conference, there is a party in  the  same hotel.  (In*/At)  this party ,  there  will be    some  food , soft drinks, music and a special place for dancing. This party is for the students so the     clothes  won't be so formal.
On the  free day  before  catching  our plane , we   can   choose   between  two options  for spending  our free time. One is a  guided  tour  (on*/of)   the   city centre , and another is visiting the chocolate factory.
Please, if you have any more  questions , please call me  (at*/on)  38755980.
Yours sincerely,
I can live without this.
It's true.  In our  lives ,  maybe , couldn't be without electricity . Some people can live without this, but I am sure that the world would be very different.
When we  use  different  equipment  in our  homes , we are using    electricity.  Small things but very  important  in our  lives . For example: T.V., computer, just light and a long list that now I  cannot  write .
I don't like  thinking   of    my house  or  my life   without all  these  facilities. In winter  when  it   gets  dark very early, and after, I need to  spend  my free time  (in*/at)  home . What  can I  do without my music and my computer ? 
Now,  you just  need to think  that you would do or what would happen in a city, with a car,  aeroplanes ,  shops , all these things without lights .
Finally ,  I think that everybody  knows  that    electricity is  a  very important  invention  and for me it is the best.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
 thank you  for your letter,  which  arrived yesterday. I hope to give you   all the information  you  need and ,  please, if you want more information or  something  is not clear, please don't  hesitate  to contact me again.
The  hotel  is near the station and is  called  "Grand Placad". When you  arrive  you take the train  (for*/to)  Guildford and after  that  you  just have   to cross  the road   in front of the station.
It's  a  very  comfortable  hotel where you can find everything you need.
From there to the conference you have to take the  number 50 bus ,  which   stops  near the hotel and  arrives  in  the  town  centre . The conference is  held  in the civic hall so it is very  easy  to  find  it. At the end of  the  conference there is a party ,  a perfect opportunity for your students  to make  new friends from all  parts  of  the   world  and they  can   talk  about their experience.
 For this conference I suggest   wearing   something  very  comfortable  but elegant . The  organisation  wants     all  the   men   to wear   a  jacket,  but   a  tie is not necessary.
I don't  really know  what you  should  see ;   I don't think three hours is  enough but near the station there is a beautiful  park  ,  popular for its variety of flowers.
If I  find   something  special  you will be able  to visit in three hours I  will call  you.
 Yours  sincerely
Dear  Sir  or  Madam 
it is very nice of you to come and visit my town.
In  this  area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting  buildings  to visit. The best building you must see is the cathedral. It is the  most important  church in  this  area  because of  its  architecture .
It is  something  very  special  . Its   ceiling   is made  from many small  pieces  of wood . Its  windows <NS type="MV"></NS>  with many colours  . It  is fantastic.
It  is  built on the top of the hill and around  it  there is only a huge field. You can  walk there  because the bus  stops  just  (on*/at)  the bottom of the hill.
But really you must see it . The  position of the cathedral   gives  you a  special something  a  great   tranquillity  .
I hope you like it.
I look  forward  to hearing from you
best  regards 
Dear Mrs    Smith
With reference to your letter which I  received  yesterday, I would like to give you some details about  the  international student conference, also the  accommodation  and activities that are  planned  during this week.
The  hotel  that is booked for the students    is one of the  best  in the area, it has  very good  facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be. The best way to get there from  the  hotel is by bus and it is already booked for  the day after  you arrive, at 8:30 am.
About the party which is just at the end of the conference,  a good it would be  a dance party and the students don't really need to wear special clothes, it's just to have a little dance and meet all the students . After  the party ,  there is a small trip to the old part of the city and I think it would be a good choice  for   spending  the last three hours that you have left before  going  back.
I hope this letter  answers  all your questions, if you  want  to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter.
 Yours  sincerely
The aim of this report is to give some information about  the  new Acapulco  resort  buildings which  were   built  10 years ago . They are some  of the first buildings that  were   built  with the latest  technology  and  designed  by  an  important Mexican  architect .
In addition ,  the resort has an interesting  historical  background  concerning   the   architecture  and the best facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico ,  for example, it provides  different  kinds of tours around Mexico.  On the other hand  it is far away from the city and it has  difficult  transport facilities.
In spite of the disadvantages, I would strongly  recommend     students and  the  public to visit the new Acapulco resort buildings   and have a great experience  learning  about  the   buildings'  history and at the same time  travelling  around Mexico.
Dear Mrs Smith,
Thank you very much for your letter. I  will  be very pleased if I can help you  with  all your enquiries.
The hotel which your students' group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel. It is fairly easy to get there from the conference. I would  suggest  you  walk  along New Street, which is the one next to  the  river, and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel  (in*/on)  your  right-hand  side. The hotel is just opposite    the City Hospital.
As you  possibly already  know, the end-of-conference party will take place  (at*/in)  the main reception room at the same hotel. You should be there by 7 o'clock in the evening.  To answer  your question, you should be fine wearing casual clothes. However, if you wish to dress smarter, there is no problem at all.
With reference to the last afternoon, if I were you I would visit the City Museum. There are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country. If you have any time left you ought to go to the High Street, where you could go shopping.
Please, do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information.
I look forward to meeting you at the Conference.
Yours sincerely,
INVENTIONS HAVE AFFECTED ALL OUR LIVES!
 Without any doubt the invention    that has affected my own life  the most  is the car. Cars have definitely changed all our lives, and I am not   referring   only in a positive way, but in a negative way as well. Picture this: a big city such as London or New York with no cars on their streets.  Can  you imagine it? To be honest, I can't. Cars are part of our daily lives. Traffic jams make people  irritable ,  and  sometimes really upset and violent. But    people use cars, anyway .
If we don't use them we suffer  because of  them. In my case I use public transport during the week to go to work but I could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car. I really need it to escape from the pollution, mainly caused by cars and    other four-wheel  motor   vehicles . Isn't that  ironic ? To go to the countryside and  be  able to  breathe  fresh,  unpolluted  air, I use my car, which,  in my opinion  ,  does not help to maintain a clean  atmosphere  at all.
Therefore I am thinking  (in*/of)  selling my car, which has changed my life over the last 10 years, which has given me a kind of freedom, which has gone with me to all  sorts  of fantastic places, and  changed  my life for a new life:  without   a  car.
Dear Mrs Smith,
First of all I'm sorry to hear that Richard Brown is ill. As you are the leader of  the  group instead of him, I'm delighted to give  you  all the information you have asked for.
The Palace Hotel has been booked for the group, and ,  from there to the conference, we have organized    the hotel's bus service to take the  students  to the conference. We will meet  (at*/in)  the lobby at 9.00 AM.
The conference party will last  (at*/until)  1.00 AM, but  everybody   does  not need to stay until the end. There will be a bus taking students who do not  want  to stay at the party until the end. The bus will be  service  at 9.30 PM and 11.30 PM ,  then at the end of the party  there  will be the last one. Everybody  is  free to dress for the party but  consider   what   is  appropriate.
On the last day at noon, you could go to the craft centre  nearby  the Airport. There are lots of  things  there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends.
If there is any information you need to know about the conference, please let me know. I look forward to  seeing  you at the conference.
Yours sincerely,
Telephone saved my friendship
It's very hard to decide which invention is the best. Because all of them are so important in  different   ways .
As now  I'm  away from home,  the  telephone is very important to me. Having  a  telephone I can call my mother  and  my friends ,  which  prevents  me from  feeling   homesick  ;  not completely but I think it's better than  other ways . To hear the voice  (from*/of)  the person you love is  a   feeling  that  is  hard to describe ;  it's wonderful and so real . You  can imagine their face clearly.
I had a problem with my best friend once when we  kept  in  touch  through e-mail. The problem  was  the language . We  used English but  neither of us were  very good at it  (by*/at)  the time ,  which made us misunderstand each other. However, the problem  was solved  by a telephone. We are now still  friends . Thanks to the invention of the telephone.
Dear   Mrs    Smith
I am replying  to  your letter  concerning  the help  you  need. I am  pleased  to  provide  the information    you need for the group.
The  hotel  I     booked  is  the  Palace Hotel  which  is in the  centre  of London just  two   blocks  from Victoria  station . I think  it  is  very   convenient  for the group.  You  know  the  Victoria area ,   it  is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city.  About  the  hotel  ,   it  is  clean , and  provides  a good  service  . The  rooms are  doubles  and  each   has   its   own  bathroom  and  for the  number  of  students  we  are getting     good  value .  And  the best way to get  to  the College for the  conference  is  to walk  to    Victoria station ,  get the tram to Glouster Road and  after  3  blocks   (to*/on)  the  left-hand   side  you will  find  the College.  However  I am  going  to make a plan for  each  student with all of the  details  and  the   address .
About the party  (in*/at)  the end of conference ,  we  are organising   it  in the same hotel  which   has  a nice  salon .  It will   be  good for  your  group  because  you don't need  to move  to  another  place. We'll have  food and drink  and music for  dancing . It is not a formal party so I  think   it  is  fine   to wear   something   not  too formal.
I  want  to <NS type="M"></NS> suggestions for the last day . You  and your group  could   maybe  go to Green Park and  visit  the  Queen's   house  and     Parliament  ,  this area is very nice and  the  group would  engoin   after  the conference  to get   some   fresh   air  . Another   option  could be  the  new  Tell Gallery  .  I  have never been  there but  it  could be a good  excuse      to visit   it  with you. I have been hearing about the  Ave  they have in  the   exhibition  ,   it  is interesting.
I hope you found  this  letter  useful  and  if  you have  any   questions  ,  let  me  know.
I am looking  forward  to  seeing  you soon.
 Yours  sincerely
Inventions have affected all our lives
The  computer  was invented 30  years  or  more  ago and  started      processing  information with a big  card   which  was  perforated  and  made  a  small   hole  and  each   hole   meant  something      like  a  code . The  machine   that  was used for  reading  this  card  was  very  big ,  you  used  to need a room <unknown/> for  the   computer . I remember when I had the  first  lesson  (in*/at)  the  University  and the  teacher  took  us  to the Computer  Centre   and  I  saw  these  machines  ,  all my  colleagues   and   I  were  laughing     was very  difficult   to imagine  how you  can  work  (in*/with)   this   kind  of  computer .
 These  days the  computer  is part of  your     life ,  you use it all the time . Sometimes  you do  personal      and   other   times it  is  just  the  things  you need  to do  like go to the bank,  use         transport , go     shopping  etc.  It  is a  machine   that   makes     life easy and  ibendow  you can  carry  it  everywhere  . It  is  amazing  the way  as the  fas   the computer changes ,  the  programs  are  faster  and  more  useful and  practical  . 
But the  computer   has   a  bad  side   too  .   I whand mean we life   each  day  we   depend   more  and  more   (for*/on)   it . So I feel  scared  when I  think  about the  consequences  if some of the  viruses     or mad  people   misuse      as   happens   these  days with    sex or other <NS type="MN"></NS>. I work with children  and  the  computer   helps   me in  my  job   but   affects   it   too .
So I hope the  world   reaches agreement  about  this  and     computer engineers  have     to prevent  these  problems  because  something  good could be  something  very  dangerous .
Dear Mrs Smith
Thank you for your  letter . Of course I will give you some more  details  about the student conference.
First of all the hotel Richard Brown  has looked   (in*/at)  is the Palace Hotel.  It's  located close to the main  train station  in our town. It is quite near the conference building. There will be  extra buses  to get there. The bus will pick you up right at your hotel  entrance . The end-of-conference party will be a small dinner for all  the  students. You do not have to wear  special  clothes, just wear what you always wear. If you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel   and wear something else.
There are many things you could do for this short time on the last day. You could visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the  lakeside . If you want  to do  something for fun or entertainment ,  go bowling.
If you have any further questions, just let me know . 
Yours sincerely
Our  church  is a very famous building  (at*/in)  our country. It is eighty  metres  long and its tower is  forty-five   metres   tall . On the top of the tower it has a huge clock on  each  side. The tower is red and the church itself is  painted white . In the church are many expensive  drawings . There is space for about five hundred people. The church was built in 1385. It  was  rebuilt in 1948 because of the  Second   World War  ,   when  it had been  damaged . The church is located  (on*/in)  a place where you  can  see the whole  Rigi mountain chain . Visit our church because it is one of the most famous  churches  in our country. It has  an  interesting past. The tower is  absolutely   marvellous . You can walk to the top of the tower and it  gives  you a beautiful view. If you want to visit the church, there will be a special guide who  will show  you  all  the things and answer your questions.  Entry   is  free.
Dear Mrs    Smith , 
I am  writing  to give you the information that you asked me for.
 The  group has been booked into the Harris hotel.  This  hotel is very  well  placed. From there you can get a taxi, catch the  number   seven and eleven buses ,  which  both  take  you very close to the conference  centre , and also you can go by underground to get there.
 The  conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes at  8:00 pm . Then, after the Conference, there will be a formal party at the group's hotel,  which  starts at 9:00  pm  and finishes at 12:00  midnight .  This  party is a formal one, so you should  not  be  casually  dressed.
In this area you  can  visit the central park. It is very beautiful and a very good place to relax. Another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city.
I hope  this  information  will  be useful for you.
Yours  sincerely 
Hampton Court Palace
Introduction:
I have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit. I went to Hampton Court last year, and I think it is a great place to visit.
Location:
Hampton Court  Palace  is  located  in Hampton Court.    I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty.
 Transport :
 To  get to Hampton Court  Palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station. From there ,   the trains to Hampton Court depart . Moreover, I think  going  by train is the best way to get there, because Hampton Court train station is very close to Hampton Court  Palace .
Price:
 There  is a  great  price for children, students, adults and families.  Tickets  are between three and six pounds each.
Conclusion:
Hampton Court Palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see. And also  this  would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith , 
I was really pleased to receive    your letter. Unfortunately Richard Brown is ill but I can help you as much as I can. So, I'm  writing  to reply     to give  all the information you asked for.
Firstly, we've booked Palace Hotel, which is located in Central. The best way to get from the hotel to the conference  is  using  the  tube because it takes only 20  minutes . The tube is  line 2  which is red   . And your  speech  would be better for the end of conference party. I'd suggest you  wear  at least,  semi-formal   clothes  such as a jacket with  other  clothes.
Finally, I give you some suggestions  which could spend for about 3 hours  in the national museum in my area. The museum can be helpful to understand our country's history and art.
I look forward to seeing you soon.
Yours sincerely,
 The computer  is the most important invention in our life.
Some people might say    electricity  is  more important than  any   other   thing . It's hard to say which is the most important invention. However, I'd say  the  computer is  a  more amazing invention rather than  other  inventions such as the telephone, the car. Recently  the  computer  has become  really necessary and we can't manage to work without them. Not only    for bussiness, but also in    my life. For instance, when I want to  contact        my friend, it's quite helpful     to use  e-mail. Before  the  computer had been invented, we couldn't possibly have lots of information easily and we couldn't contact       foreign countries at the same time.
And also it's time to make new  systems  which makes    use easier and more simple, so far more people can enjoy  computers     than before.
Despite  Being an  amazing invention,  sometimes   the  computer  causes   a  big problem, such as  the  millennium bug (some people called  it   the  "2000 problem"), because  computers   are  not flexible enough like a human's brain. However,  the  computer is worth  using  in our life until  a  more  convenient  machine  is  invented.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I'm very glad to be able to help you out with such  a   situation .
First of all, the group has been booked into 'THE PALACE HOTEL'. You won't have any problem  finding  the college because it's  opposite  the  hotel , and the conference will be there.
As you know, the conference will start at 11:00 and it will finish at 13:00, but we will have lunch altogether at 13:30 in the college's hall until 14:30.
You'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers . If  you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket.
When we  have  finished you'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room, but if you prefer other things, we've got a swimming pool and a library . It  will  be  your own choice.
I hope  it was  useful for you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Group leader,
 With regard to  your request, I'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town, Fuengirola.
Fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the  seafront . It is  situated  on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach.
You  shouldn't   miss  the chance to see this castle because  there  is an excellent view and  there are always  a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs.
At the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a  break  to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea . That  is also amazing. Also, there is a museum of history inside. As you  will see , you have to visit the castle . You  won't feel regret about that.
 Yours   sincerely ,
Dear Mrs Smith,
I am sad to read about Richard not being  well . I hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference.
As far as  the  organisation is concerned,  an  adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the Palace  Hotel  ,  located across the main street from the train station. To come to our college, you can either  walk  downhill to the  lakeside  (about 10  mins ) or take the new cable car from the train station. The college is just  steps  away from the bottom end.
The end-of-conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake. It will start  (by*/with)  a speech from the Director of the conference, followed by a meal. The  recreational  part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am. As nights may be cold at this time of the year, may I suggest that you take with you a pullover.  Apart from  that, there is no recommendation as to what to wear.
Depending on the interests of your students, I would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office: www.neuchatel.ch.
 Yours  sincerely
 ' Where are you? '  is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone. Why? Because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever.
The mobile phone.
Once heavy, expensive and not reliable, the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers.
Due to the mobile phone ,  communication has changed, not improved.
Of course it allows  us  to be reached everywhere (even in places you wouldn't want ).  For rescue teams, it is a great help. But isn't it a handicap outside professional life ?  Shouldn't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away ?  It is not rare to see two people walking side by side, both talking on the phone. Wouldn't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of  dialling  home to ask which salad to buy ? 
 The mobile  phone is a marvellous invention ,  but as  (for*/with)  cigarettes, we should  write  on it : 
CAUTION: use of this device may damage your brain.
Dear Mrs Maria Smith,
I read your letters and I'm ready to help you.
I think that we have to think  about  which hotel is  best  for the students. I have an idea and I think that you will agree with me. I was thinking about the Palace Hotel because it's very nice and cheap. It has comfortable bedrooms and  a  place for parties. You can book this hotel . It's  the best and it's near to  the  conference . It's  only 15 minutes  on foot .
I think that it will be nice  (about*/for)  the end-of-conference party if you  invite  somebody to sing and give    the  students  the time to enjoy  themselves  and to dance. The party    will be nice.  Now the clothes  that they will wear     have  to be smart, not  the kind you would wear if  you  were  going to  a  casino for example but nice casual,  not with  sports shoes or T-shirts.
On the last day in the afternoon  when  you have three  hours  free you can go for coffee or  visit  some places.
Those are my ideas for the conference. I hope that you will like  them .
 Yours  sincerely,
Today our article    will be about    inventions that we need  in our  life. I think that  we need all these things  in our life because  they  can give us a lot of things.
First of all we need the telephone in our house because it's important to make  a  call if you need something  or  if    something  happens  to your house and nobody is  with  you.
 The second one is the lamp, the electricity that is very important in our life . In the past    people didn't have  electricity  and if they wanted ,  for example ,  to read or to cook something they used to  light   a  fire. It's important to have electricity because without  it  you can't do anything.
The other one is the television. You must have  a  TV because you can  learn   about  what     is happening  in the world and you can  see  some places that you  haven't been   to . You can enjoy     watching  a film if you have  some  free time.
 A  boat  is  not so important but you can use  one  for fishing and to see some places.
The car  is now  very important in our life . You  can go wherever you want.  This  year  the  families  they have 3 cars in one family one by one person .
For me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you can't do anything . It's  part of my life.
Neuchâtel, 12th June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith,
 Thank  you for your recent letter. First, I would like to congratulate  you  on your new  responsibility , <NS type="M"></NS> because of Mr Brown's illness.
I  will give  you with great pleasure all the details needed.
Your group is staying at the Palace Hotel, which is located directly  opposite  the bus station.
To go to the conference from your hotel is really easy. You have to take the  number 1 bus  and get off at "Black House", which is the third stop.
After the conference, at about 8 pm   a party is  being organised . During it, everybody will have the opportunity to  meet  and talk to the speakers of the conference. Food and beverages will be available. After the  cocktails , the Band "Zero one"  will play  their famous songs.
The clothes   required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women.
Before your departure, you will have time to visit the Olympic Museum or to  do  a sightseeing tour  (in*/of)  our city.
I hope you will enjoy your  stay  in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference.
Yours  sincerely ,
Report on the "Paintings Museum"
In order to write this report, I spent hours in this wonderful museum. There, I saw the  exhibitions  and admired the building itself. I walked around the garden too.
Location
The museum is located in Ouchy,  opposite  the "Delamuraz Hotel". It is close to the main road, and    300  metres   (of*/from)  the station.
Outside
The building is made of white stones. It has two floors. Before going inside, you have to  pass  through the huge garden. There, ponds, pools, trees, flowers and ducks can be admired. I recommend you to take your  swimsuit , because in summer, it is allowed to swim in  the  pools.
Inside
When you are inside the museum, you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls.  They  were all  painted  during the war by nurses. If you go down a few steps, you will discover the  cellar . Everything in this room is  connected with  wine.
To learn the whole history of the building, there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor.
I particularly recommend you to visit the "blue" room. Everything in this room is blue, the carpet, the ceiling and even the door.
According to the owner, it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed.
Conclusion
To sum up, I would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city. You should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself.
You won't be disappointed.
The only negative point is that you have to pay 10 francs to visit   the house and the garden.
Dear Mrs Smith,
I have just read your letter and I am happy to help  (with*/by)  giving you some further information.
 In reply to  your first question, for the time of  the  conference the students will be staying at the Palace Hotel, where the reservation has  already been  made. It is situated near to our college, about five  minutes'  walk from the nearest tube station, which is South Wimbledon.
As you were informed, there will be a party for all  participants  of the conference, which will take place afterwards  (at*/in)  the hotel restaurant.  Bearing in mind  the fact that it will be  a   purely   social   occasion  ,  I believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event.
Finally,  to answer  your last question about  the   students'   day out , I suggest visiting  the  local Lawn  Tennis   museums  and  the  Wimbledon Tennis Courts as  they   are  one of the best international  tourist  attractions.
If you have any further  questions , please do not hesitate to contact me. I look forward to seeing you.
Yours sincerely,
TO: Leader of the group of American students
FROM:
DATE: 12.06.2001.
SUBJECT:  Recommendations   (of*/for)  a place to visit
INTRODUCTION:
The aim of this report is to give  a  description and  make a  recommendation  concerning  the most interesting building in the town.
GENERAL INFORMATION:
The place I would like to recommend is the  seventeenth -century Royal Palace. It is situated in  the  heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of  the  Old Town. There is  an old market square  with the magnificent statue of    King Zygmunt   in the centre of it.
FACILITIES:
. Inside the Palace, there is a museum  (of*/with)   a collection of antique porcelain .
. There is also a Portrait Gallery in the left wing of the Palace.
. The Old Town is the best place for  an  afternoon stroll ,  with a great deal of restaurants,  cafes  and street performers.
.  Cashpoints, toilets, emergency services etc are within easy reach .
POSITIVE POINTS
. It is easy to get there by any sort of public transport . 
. There are  a   number  of hotels or youth hostels <NS type="M"></NS> to stay  overnight , if necessary . 
.  Admission to most places   is  absolutely free.
NEGATIVE POINTS
. A part of the Palace might be closed, due to the  ongoing  renovations.
. All the facilities are usually overcrowded during  the  summer holiday.
CONCLUSION:
Despite the few drawbacks, I would strongly recommend the Royal Palace as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students.
Dear Madam,
I  have received  your letter and I'm pleased to answer your questions.
M. Brown has booked rooms in the Palace Hotel. This is a  first-class  hotel. The easiest way  to get  from the hotel to the conference is  (with*/by)     bus. There is a bus stop in front of your hotel. Take the bus in  the  direction  of   the   centre   of  town. After four stops ,  get off the bus. The name of this bus stop is 'Kongresshaus'.  When  you  get off  the bus, the conference is in the  building   (opposite*/across)  the road. You can't miss it.
Afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go  (in*/to)  a disco. For the disco ,  you  mustn't  wear blue jeans.
Finally ,   (at*/on)  your last day ,  I  suggest  you  do  a sightseeing tour in our town. It takes you two hours. Afterwards you will have  some  time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland. If you have any more questions,  write back to me .
Yours  faithfully ,
I will write about the invention of the computer.
With the computer ,  our work is easier and more interesting.
Before the time  (with*/of)  computers, people had to write  a whole letter every time  <NS type="M"></NS>. When they  wanted   to correct  a word, they had to write the whole letter again. With the computer ,  we can write a letter, correct a word or change the name without  writing  the whole letter again. We save the letter and in three  weeks  we could send it to another person.
I work  (at*/in)  a bank and I work all day with computers. If we  hadn't   any    , we  would have  to write all the transactions on  paper .
If I order money for our bank with the computer ,  I can be sure that  it  will arrive the day after. But if I had to write a letter and to send it by post, the money  would arrive  two or three days after.
I have never  worked  without a computer, but if we hadn't any ,  we would  find it   normal .
Dear Mrs Smith , 
I have just received your letter. It was very  sad  news  (to*/about)  Richard Brown. I have given  a lot of  information  (of*/about)  the international student conference.
Firstly, the conference will take place in the Palace Hotel and we get from our college to there by bus. Number 45 bus  goes     there every 5 minutes. It takes 25 minutes ,   which  is convenient  (to*/for)  us. Secondly, there are some  items on the  programme that are    great.  First of all , the conference's head  makes  a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks. Finally we enjoy a disco party so you  should  wear a  suitable  dress.
On the last day I  will  go to your house and then we  think about our's conference plane. 
I hope it will be a successful conference.
See you soon.
Yours sincerely
Alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her. Alice and Jane came back    home. Alice is Jane's  boyfriend . In the morning they    met and then they went to  the  beach. It was nice weather and  they had   a  beautiful time. In the evening they were going to the disco party that was Jane's friend's birthday party.
Jane suddenly thought about her house key that  she had  left inside her house and Alice could see    her house and he found the bathroom window was  open . So he  climbed  on the  ladder  up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there "what happened?"
Jane  explained  that  situation  and they  understood   her . So they could go to the disco party. It was a very wonderful party and they have never  forgotten  that day. It was a very very special day.
Chêne-Bourg, Tuesday 12th June.
Dear Mrs Smith,
it is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown's illness, and  I  hope to see him soon in    excellent health. Nevertheless, I am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting.
We have made arrangements for you to stay at the Palace Hotel. Furthermore, since it is located between the airport and our location, a  shuttle bus  has been organised to  take  all our guests from the hotel to the conference room.
The end-of-conference party is to be held  (at*/in)  the 'Royal Room' of the hotel, which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness. Therefore, all  the  guests will be asked to wear the  appropriate  clothes in order to be  accepted .
As for the three hours of free time, I strongly suggest you  check your luggage in  at the airport and then, after a  five-minute  bus ride, spend your time in the marvellous 'Old City'.
Best Regards,
My fair Mobile Phone.
The technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our  communications   technology   over   the  last  few  years. The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our  daily  life is, of course, the mobile phone.
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has  become  a necessary  condition  in some professional activities.  Trades, politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs . However, the  average  man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes   when in the hands of a high-school student.
It  then becomes  a real obsession for the average  student , as  he  uses it before the lessons, during the lessons, during lunch and, especially, during examinations... Nevertheless, it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such    usage is to communicate information during an exam, since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss  during  every day's  courses .  The bottom  line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student's phone, but his parents'!
June 12, 2001
Dear Mrs Smith,
In  reply   (of*/to)  your letter, I will try to give you some  advice .
Concerning the hotel, the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel. The conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see  directions  to follow.
For the conference, I suggest you  wear  a beautiful dress, because there will be important  people   (of*/from)   other  colleges. At the end of the conference, all students and  leaders  will have a drink.
To finish, if you have spare time, you could walk  (on*/in)  the  centre  of Poitiers which is very beautiful.
I hope I  have given  you enough details.
I look forward to meeting you  (on*/at)  the conference.
Yours faithfully,
The building called in French "Le Centre Pompidou" is a very surprising monument.
It's a modern building with an architecture that you can't see in  any  other place.
What is impressive  (on*/about)  this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building.
 (On*/In)  the  Pompidou   centre , there are different  exhibitions  on different themes. In general, there are paintings, videos and sculptures.  These   exhibitions  are often very attractive and they change every year.
Another good point, if you go there you will have an extraordinary view  (on*/over)  the city.
So if you visit Paris, the  Pompidou   centre  is a very interesting building to visit, even if in Paris there are many  other  buildings.
Dear Mrs Brown,
I am writing  to  you because my class want to give a surprise birthday party for your husband Mr Brown. We need your help  (for*/with)  the details.
First of all ,  could you let us know if the date of June 16th is all right with his timetable    ?  We have organised  holding  the party between three  and  six o'clock in  the  afternoon in  the   college canteen , about  the  food ,  we  have organised  a buffet, but could you also help us with the music which he  prefers , if  he   prefers  something  in particular . We have  invited  the  students , the teachers and the Principal of  the  school but we  would appreciate   it  if you  came .  Finally  would you tell us which is the best present for him ,  a compact disk or a book ? 
We want  to say  thanks again for your help and you must be sure that your opinion    would be valuable to us.
I am looking forward to receiving your answer and don't forget that it is a  surprise  birthday party.
Yours  sincerely ,
Family life  nowadays  is very important because both    parents work and they haven't any time for  the  children. In addition  children  have so  many  lessons at school that they  don't  have enough spare time to see their parents, when they are  (in*/at)  home.
In  spite   of  that fact there are of course many families  especially  in small towns  who  eat lunch all together and  then  they solve their problem all together. Parents play with  their  children and have fun. And the difference  is  that  those  children  are   effective  when they  grow  up and want to  have  a family ,  they do the same  as  their parents and  have  a happy family.
Besides that the most  important   thing  is that  these  children have an easy  adolescence  and they haven't  got   psychological  problems and they are useful in  society .
To sum up ,  family life is the most important  thing  for  children's   psychological   world  which  helps  them in their education, job and their  marriage  in future. So we also try to make our time creative when we are with our children.
Dear Mrs Brown,
I am writing to give you information about Mr Brown's surprise party.
First of all, the reason that we decided to  have  this party was because Mr Brown helped  (to*/with)  the organisation of our trip to France. And we  would appreciate   your   not telling  him about our party.
Secondly, the party    is on Tuesday 16th  in the evening  at the  college canteen . As  regards  the food, our mothers    will help  (about*/with)  that. Also,  we will take the drinks     from our canteen and there will be a group of  musicians  for our entertainment.
Moreover,  all the class, our teachers and the Principal will come to the party of course . Finally, I would like to ask you about our present.  Should we  buy a book or a  CD-player? 
I hope that  I   have  been of some help  to  you  (about*/with)  the party. I look forward to seeing you there.
Yours sincerely
It was Friday morning when I saw John and  he  said  to  me he had some good news to tell me. And it was  really  good news. It was about a job which I wanted very much. He also  said  that I must be  in the office at 7.00 pm the next day .
All    night I did not  sleep  at all. I was  in the office by 6.30 pm . The executive  called  me  (on*/into)  the office, and he  showed  me my office.
From, that day, every day I  went  to the office 30 minutes  early . When I  completed  a month  (to*/in)  this job my executive     told     John to go to the office. I was  surprised  because I did not know what he wanted. When I went  he   wanted  to tell me that from the next month I  would  be his personal  secretary  and my salary     would  be  twice   what   it was      previously . I  could not  believe it.
Now, my life    is    the best     that   could  be  imagined . And every day when I wake up I think that I  am living  in  a  dream which I never want to finish.
Dear Mrs Brown,
I am one of your husband's students. My fellow students and I know that your husband has his birthday on Tuesday the 16th of June and we would like to organise a party for him.
First of all I would like to  suggest   that  you  come  to our party and we would like  you  not to  tell your husband anything  because the party is a surprise.
The party will be organised on Tuesday the 16th of June at three to six pm  (at*/in)   the  college  canteen . We will have food and drink and we will have music because we know that Mr Brown loves music.  His students, the teachers and the principal will come to the party . My last question is about  a  present. My fellow students have suggested  buying  a CD or a  book . We would like  you  to tell us which is the best present for him.
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely,
John said he had some good news to tell me. I didn't  believe  him  at first . But I could  see  that his face was happy and he  wasn't telling  lies. I stopped talking to my friends and I followed him. We started walking and walking. When we arrived at the  bus station  I couldn't understand why he wanted to  go  there. But I didn't ask him. We  waited  there for an hour, and I was really angry. I wanted  to  know why we were there.
At that moment we saw the bus  come , it stopped and one man  came  and  sat  near    us. I     recognised  him. He was my father. I couldn't  believe   it  .  I  had   not   seen  him for five years. I  thought  that I was dreaming but I wasn't. It was true ;  my father  had  come  (at*/to)  his country after five years.
Now all the problems will finish and we will start a new life.
Dear Mrs Brown,
I am writing in connection with a surprise birthday party for your husband, Mr. Brown. We are writing to invite you and to give you some information about the party.
All our class love Mr Brown very much, so we decided to organise a surprise party for him. The party  is  on Tuesday 16 of June. You should come  to the college canteen at 3 pm . We have bought some  snacks  to eat and three students will sing for him,  too .
Besides this, we have invited all  the  other teachers and the Principal of our school. Of course all the class will take  part   (to*/in)  this party.  However , we don't know what present  to buy  for him. So we would appreciate  it  if you  could  help us with this matter. We have thought  about   buying  a  CD  or a book. He loves to read books. What do you  think ? If he needs something else, we are happy to buy this.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon especially as I am concerned about this matter.
Yours sincerely
Nowadays people's life has many problems which need some solutions.  In particular   young people's   lives   have  been very difficult  for  the last  few  years.
The only appropriate  way  to solve people's problems is the family. Teenagers usually think about a matter which is drugs. Their family could explain  to  them how they avoid things. They know the way to do this. And the way is love.
Apart from this, parents could be very helpful to their children  regarding  difficulties  (of*/at)  school. They help their children with lessons and give them some useful advice with their relationships. Because sometimes they are upset when they lose a friend.
On the other hand, friends are not suitable  for   doing  this.  They definitely  don't give real solutions and advice. There is a chance  that they   are not   such  good friends and  pretend  that they are.
The way  in  which  the  family comes in contact with the members so easily is love. So we should trust only our family when we need help or solutions  (of*/to)  our problems.
Dear Mrs Brown,
It would be a pleasure to us and to your husband to come  (at*/to)  the party. All the students wanted to organise a surprise party for Mr Brown. Next Tuesday is his birthday. We would like you to come and ,  if you can ,  to help us  (in*/with)  an important decision.
Firstly, we should tell you that it is a surprise party. He must not learn about it  so  you must not tell him.
Secondly, the party will take place on Tuesday 16th of June  (at*/in)   the   college canteen . We think  a  suitable time will be 3-6 p.m. You can come earlier, if you want. We would have  junk food , some juices and drinks. Moreover,  some teachers will come , of course all the students and the Principal.
 However , we do not know what to give him as a present. Can you help us? We want something that  he would like  or  which  would be necessary.
Please try to come and help us  (to*/with)  this problem. We  are  looking forward to your reply.
Yours sincerely,
John said he had some good news to tell me. I  was  waiting  for  him to come. Suddenly the bell  rang . I thought that  it  would be John and  it  was he. We had finished the exams two weeks  before  and we were waiting for the results.
The first good  news  was that we both had passed the exams. It was    wonderful  news . Then we thought about going    swimming to  talk  about some things.
The second  news  was that he had found a job for the summer. He would go to work in a café. He would earn a lot of money, in addition they wanted    another person. As a result I had    work too. We had the greatest day.
Then we had an idea! We would have  a lot of  money from the work. At the end of the summer we are planning to visit a cousin who lives in Australia. We imagine that  will  be the best  holiday   (in*/of)  our life.
Dear Mrs. Brown
I am writing to inform you about a party that we  have decided  to organise for Mr. Brown's birthday.
I want to ask you to come to our party and also to help us  (about*/with)  what present  we should  buy for Mr. Brown.
To begin with, I must explain to you that the party is a surprise for Mr. Brown and it  will  take place on Tuesday 16th of June from 3:00 to 6:00 pm at the college canteen. Some of the children will bring food and also there  will  be nice music too.
Also, I want to mention that all the class will come, all the teachers will be there, and the Principal will come too.
Finally, I want to ask you about Mr. Brown's present. We  don't  have any idea what to buy for him. Can you help us? I think that a good present could be a CD or a book. What do you think?
We hope to see you at the party and have a  wonderful  time together.
I will look forward to hearing from you soon.
My favourite season of the year is summer. I think that most    people love summer, especially the people in Greece. I  don't  know why but the summer    is the most beautiful season. All the scenery with the lovely sun, the wonderful beaches, the green mountains and the smell of the sea, make me feel great.
I live in Greece, and  to be exact   (in*/on)  an island, so I know very well what summer means. It means swimming at the  wonderful  beaches, tasting the delicious  food   and  having  a  wonderful time every day and every night with your friends.
Also it means  meeting  other people,  having  fun together,  travelling   (at*/to)  all the places  (of*/on)  the island. I think that the summer makes people  feel  great,  have  fun,  enjoy  themselves. I believe that the summer is a season for everybody who wants to have  a  wonderful time and wonderful memories wherever  they  go.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing with reference to your  article  which I read in a local newspaper two days ago. As I took part in this activities weekend, which was organised by the college, I would like to express my dissatisfaction  (to*/with)  your article.
First of all, your  article  mentions that the course had to be cancelled   because the teacher was ill, but the course  was cancelled  only  on  the last afternoon. Secondly, you mention that  nobody  registered for the local history course.    I would like to inform you that 32 attended    this course. Thirdly, as far as the painting and photography courses  are concerned  ,   it  is true what you say, they were very popular. I think that the reason for  these courses being  so popular is that people are very interested in these  kinds  of activities. Apart from this ,  the teachers  were  very experienced and the equipment was  particularly    contemporary  .
 Furthermore , your article mentions that the weekend cost over £100. That is not true. The cost was only £60 including lunch. Last but not least, the college is planning to run another activities weekend next term, so it will be sooner than you mention.
 Finally , I would like to tell you that the weekend was not as disappointing as you mention  but  I would like to thank you for  your  kind attention to my letter, and I would like you to write another article which will  tell  the truth
Yours faithfully,
Dear Jane,
I am very happy because I  hadn't received  any letter from you   for  a  long time   and as I had a problem with my mother's health, not  a  serious  one , I didn't write to you. I hope you are fine.
First of all, you  mustn't  panic. It's not  a  serious enough problem to get upset. You must be very happy because you have been  offered  two jobs. In my opinion ,  as you're really very keen on history, I think that the ideal job for you is to work in a museum. Now I don't know if it is tiring but I suppose it will be less tiring than a  job  in a restaurant.
If I were in your shoes, I would choose the position  (to*/in)  the museum because it is more stimulating and as the pay is about the same, I think that this choice is the best for you. But you should  consider  which  workplace  is more convenient  (to*/for)  you. You'd  do  better not to travel far away from your home. Also working in a museum  may  include big tips from the tourists. Apart from  this , despite the fact that it is a summer job ,  you could be employed for the whole  of  next year, if you are lucky.
 Last but not least , I hope you will find my opinion helpful .  I  hope  your problem will be solved, but I don't think that it's    a problem. Whatever choice you  make  ,  I'm sure it will be the best for you. Drop me a line.
Lots of  love ,
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am writing to give you further information about the two weeks at Camp California.
First of all, I would like to express my joy  (for*/at)  having won  this  prize. I am very happy. Secondly, you would like to know when I will be able to go there. Actually, I have asked my boss and he  has given  me two weeks  off  in July. We have a lot to do at work so it is not easy to  get  weeks off. Thirdly, I prefer staying in a tent  to  staying in a log cabin. I think it is more fun. Concerning the activities, I would choose tennis and sailing. I am very good at tennis. Last year, I took part in a competition and I did    well. I  also have  a  sailing licence  but I have not done it for a long time. I need to know what kind of clothes I should take with me. I do not know if things are expensive there. Therefore, could you give me an idea of how much money I should bring with me.
I am looking  forward  to receiving more information.
Yours sincerely,
Sofia Jordana
It is Saturday. The  the supermarket car park  is full.  There are no  more  shopping trolleys . All the shops are crowded. Some people are in a hurry ,   others  are  aggressive  and most of the  others  are very stressed.
It is not always like that but we often see such a scene, even though shopping is becoming an  entertainment  not only for teenagers but also for adults.
We have more and more shops everywhere and they  sell  everything. Because of that, people's  needs   have   increased  a lot nowadays.  That  is also the reason why we have all these new supermarkets.  On the one hand , it is very enjoyable to go shopping because we can find a lot of things. Sometimes we need them and sometimes we don't but it is fun to buy new clothes, furniture and so  on .  On the other hand , the  quality of  service in the shops  and  supermarkets has  deteriorated  a lot  these  last  few  years. The shop assistants are not always nice and sometimes they don't even know  anything  about what they sell.
In my opinion, shopping is not always enjoyable ,  especially when there  are  too many people in  the shops .
13 of June, 2000
Dear Helen
I am really happy to receive  a  letter about Camp California from you. I am  excited  and looking forward to     camping  there.
I would like to travel in July because I have an important exam in September. Plus, it may be lovely weather at that time in  the  U.S.A.
I would prefer log cabins. To tell the truth, I want to stay in both, but I have never stayed in log cabins before, so I  want to  try  a  new style for me!
I would like to choose singing and tennis. I used to go to KARAOKE with my  friends  in Japan as I really like to do that, anytime. On the other hand, I have played tennis for nearly 7 years and it is also one of my hobbies.
If possible, could you please let me know information about the way of getting there, e.g. airport information??
Thank you very much.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
Hello, Kim!  It's been ages to write letters to you.  How was your exam? I believe it went well!
By the way, last month I was in that pop concert which you mentioned in your last letters. Can you believe it? Actually ,  I helped    to sell tickets at the reception. I've sold tickets before but not in that kind of big pop concert. Before it was packed into by  the  audience, we had to clean around the reception, but  totally  it was really exciting although I was just a  member of  staff in the small reception, because I felt great excitement (especially girls!) from people  queueing .
I liked that especially. I don't like to tidy up, you know!! I like to face people whom  I don't even  know. Foremost, after finishing my work, I could meet singers by chance!!
That night was brilliant and class!
I keep that in my mind,  for  ever!
Anyway, hope to hear from you shortly.
See you.
Love
From
Dear Sir or Madam,
Thank you very much for the prize. I am writing this letter to inform you that I have  received  your letters and I am going  (to*/on)  the trip.
I would like to go  (to*/on)  the trip in July because my school, which is Berkeley International School, is going to arrange the end of term break both for staff and students.  The other  reason is ,  I think in July the weather is not so cold. The weather  conditions  will be suitable for camping. I prefer to  stay  in tents  rather than  log cabin because sleeping in  a  tent makes me more comfortable and I can get closer to    nature. Every night I would like to  go  out of the small tent  (to*/into)  the nice  environment  outside the tent.  Also ,  staying  in  a  tent is more comfortable. I'll have to be  careful  about insects so I've bought so many  insect   repellants . I can choose to do 2 activities so I would like to play tennis and  go  swimming. When I was in  the  fourth form, I got the first prize in  a  swimming competition and third prize in tennis. I was a bit  disappointed  with the result because I was expected to win the first prize or  second   prize .
Lastly, I would like to ask you  some  questions. First, how many clothes do I have to bring? And do I have to bring some money ?  It  would  be very kind of you   if you  could  answer my questions.
 Yours  sincerely,
Seua Thanapol.
Dear Kim,
Hi! How are you ?  I am fine and I hope you're fine too. I have an interesting story to tell you. I've been asked to  help by  the  well-known  band    Westlife. At first I was surprised but    a few  seconds  later, when I  realised  that   I  wasn't allowed  to go, I tried to persuade my teacher to let me go.  Eventually , she allowed me  to go .
I had to help them behind the  stage , while they were  getting  dressed. I had to keep things in place and  check  that the microphones  were  working properly. Although the work was not  hard , I gained a lot of experience. They gave me their  autographs  and when the concert started, they told me to come up on the  stage  and dance with them. I was really  embarrassed  because I had to dance in front of a lot of people but that  was  the very  best  experience I have ever had. I    really  enjoyed     the concert.  The thing  that I particularly  liked   (in*/about)  the concert  was  I got a free ticket from Westlife to go to the A1 concert ,  which is another  well-known  band. I really want to have that experience again.
That is my story. Tell me  yours . I want to know what  experiences   you had  when you were in England.
Best wishes,
Dear Mrs    Ryan,
I am writing in reply to your letter that I have just received. I am very happy to win first prize in your competition   - two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I am also very excited about it.
If it is possible ,  I would like to travel in July. This is the only month that I will be free  because  I am studying    Management and Finance at university and it will finish at the end of June. I will be in  Italy  in August  because  I need to improve my  Italian   as  I am taking a very important exam next year.
I would    appreciate it if I could stay in  a   tent  at  the  Camp  because  I usually go on  camping   holidays    with my friends. It is great fun. I really like  sleeping  in tents.
 You     also  said  in your letter that we will have     the  chance to do two activities. I am really good at playing tennis and singing. I have been playing tennis for five years and I love it. I play the  classical  guitar and I also sing   . I have been playing the  classical  guitar for three years. It is quite difficult but I like difficult things.
I wonder if you could tell me about the  weather  and what kind of clothes I  ought  to bring with me. I would also like to know how much money I need.
I look forward to receiving your reply . 
Yours sincerely,
 THE  RIGHT TIME FOR SHOPPING
Why do people like shopping?  The first  answer is that they need  to go  shopping.  The second  answer is that    shopping makes everyone happy. If I get bored I can't stay at home and I feel  like  going shopping. When I  go  shopping I don't think about any problems I have. It's very relaxing for me but  only  if it is possible to do  the  shopping. Sometimes it can be nightmare if you can't find something that you are looking for.
I think the weekends are not the right time to go shopping. I went shopping last week with my friend ,  she needed to buy a nightdress. We spent    three hours and we couldn't buy anything. It was incredibly crowded. We couldn't even move and    most people were just looking and    wasting    their time.
If you are in a hurry, don't go shopping! It is not really  a  good idea to go shopping if you don't have enough time.
Imagine you have three children and you are going shopping with them. I can tell you how bad  a  situation you are in because when I was a child I always had     arguments  with my mother about shopping. I can remember how upset I was if my mother didn't buy what I wanted and how much I cried. It was very  shameful  for my mum. She was also very angry  because  she never managed to get me out  (from*/of)  the toy shop.
As you see ,  shopping is not always enjoyable. Always make sure that  it  is  the  right time to go shopping.
Madam,
I am sending you this reply with the  information  that you need.
I would like to travel  (on*/in)   July  because I am a  student   so  I only have holidays in this part of the year.
About the  accommodation  ,  I would like to stay in a log cabin because I am used to  staying  in  them  when I travel.
The activities that I want to do  (in*/at)  the camp are Basketball and Surfing. Basketball is the sport that I really like because I am very tall  and  I  used  to play it very well. On the other hand I  know almost nothing  about  surfing  but I would like to learn and to  do  the sport because I think it  is  cool.
There is one thing I would like to ask you. It's about how much money I will need to go out at night, to spend  on  food and  that  kind of thing.
Yours  sincerely 
Adriano Tudela
Shopping is not always enjoyable
There are people that  love  going    shopping. They live, work and only think about it. They are addicted  (in*/to)  buying things. Some doctors say that  shopping  without control is a disease and I agree with them because I have a friend who is a  compulsive   shopper . He can't stop buying things .  He   spends  all his money buying things that he sometimes  doesn't  use. I think this  is  one bad side of shopping and many people have this problem.
Sometimes, shopping can be really  boring  ,  especially  (in*/on)  important dates when the  shops  are  absolutely  crowded and you can't see  anything     you wanted  with  careful  .
Dear Ms Ryan,
Thank you for your letter. I am very happy to hear that I have won the first prize. I am writing to inform you about my requests. I also have some questions.
First, I was wondering if I could travel in July. I am working at a language school. Due to a shortage of teachers in summer I can take holiday only in July. Second, I would like to sleep in a tent because I have never slept in a tent and I have wanted to sleep there. Third, I have chosen 'Tennis' and 'Photography'  as  my activities at the Camp. I have been playing tennis for over ten years. In addition, I have been teaching children to play tennis for three years. I took up taking photos four years ago. Since then I have entered ten competitions and won the first prize three times.
Finally, could you please let me know what kind of clothes I should take with me? I would also like to know how much money I should take with me.
I am looking forward to hearing from you and travelling to the U.S.A.
Yours sincerely,
Chi Kimura
Dear Kim,
Last month I helped at a pop concert. The name of the band was 'Dream Comes True'. This  band  is  very famous not only in Japan but also in the USA . I am still excited while I am writing to you about my experience.
First, I helped to prepare the stage before the band arrived. The  musical  instruments were transported from the lorries (three big lorries!) into the concert hall and I helped to put them  (at*/in)  the right position on the stage. They were very heavy and I had to carry them with care because they were very important  (for*/to)  the band. After that I helped to test lights and microphones. I almost fainted when the band arrived and entered the stage. I am a fan of this band and I have never seen them in  the  flesh.
The most exciting thing about my experience was that the band spoke to me after the concert. The band was very satisfied with the stage and appreciated our work. I was so  excited  and happy that I can't remember what I talked with the band  about .
I want to help at a pop concert again!
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes,
Dear Sirs,
Thank you,  it was  great to hear    about my  prize . You ask me for some  information  - here  it   is .
First I can    travel only in July, because I can't get  any   free time  in any other month. The next thing is   that I would prefer a log  cabin . I don't want to sleep in a tent, because I'm afraid of snakes and similar animals.
About the activities  (during*/at)  the  camp  ,  I can tell you   that I like to play  tennis  and I  play  it very  well . Another thing I want to try, if possible, is to play  golf . It's a very  popular  sport  in our region (area) also , but I  have  never found time to do it. I'm a beginner  (in*/at)   golf  you have to know.
Now a question from me to you:  is  it possible to pay  for  the different things  (with*/by)   credit card ? Another question - what  sort  of clothes shall I bring with me? Is July a hot and dry month or  does  it  rain  sometimes?
I think   this will be all I want to know. If there  are  any other  questions   (from*/on)  your part, please call me or write again.
I'm looking forward to  hearing  from you,
yours  faithfully 
Hi Kim,
 Sorry , I'm late I know, but now I will tell you something about my experience last month.
The concert started on the 15th of  May  and it was a  really  great session in our valley. I was so happy when they  asked  me to help them with the organisation. I was responsible  (to*/for)  the  advertisements  and I  also had  to invite the "important  people " from our  government . It was  really  a new job for me, but I think   I  did   well . I've learned a lot about management and especially    how stars  live .
One evening we  all went     out for  dinner  and after we  went   to   a  new disco. We arrived at home early in the morning - it was great.
Now Kim, I will finish my letter but I promise    to write again as soon as possible .  Maybe  if I've developed the photos of the concert and the stars and the ....
A good idea  at least  - you come here and I  will tell  you some other  stories .
 In the meantime  enjoy your life -
love
Geneva, 13th June 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan
Thank you  very much  for your kind letter. I was very surprised  (on*/at)  the result of the competition. Now I am happy to give you all the information you need.
I think it would be better for me to travel  (on*/in)  July. I will  start  an Italian course in August, so it will be impossible for me to leave  then .
In your letter you ask me to choose  between  tents or log cabins .  Well  I prefer to stay in a log cabin. It is more  comfortable  and I am afraid  (about*/of)  wild animals. I saw   you offer a lot of activities .  That's  fantastic! It is very difficult to decide which two of these activities I like  most  and I can also do    best. I think I  will choose  singing because I have sung for five years in a church  choir  and I do it very well. The other activity I like very  much  is swimming. I  have taken  part  (at*/in)  a lot of competitions.
Now I would like to ask you if  we  need some money and if it is necessary to take with me special clothes. I hope I have  given  to you all the information you  need  and I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
B. Müller
Geneva, 13th June 2000
Dear Kim
I am happy to tell you about the experience I  had  at the pop concert last month.
I had to start very early in the morning, at 7.30.  First we  had to  prepare  the stands with food and  drink  and buy something which had been forgotten. Then we had to  turn on  the  night lights  and decorate the whole room.
In the afternoon the singers  came  in and I also could have an interview with Ricky Martin. I was very excited! He is very  beautiful ! At the end of the interview he  invited  me to have dinner with him after the concert. I  naturally  accepted.  I particularly liked the interview  .  Before the concert started, we had to   check  all  the   musical  instruments. The microphones all had to be  checked .  Fortunately  we had no problem. The concert was a success. I was very  proud  of  myself  and the work I had done. After  the  concert I left with Ricky Martin. We went to a nice restaurant and enjoyed dinner together.
I am sure ,  my dear Kim, I will never forget that wonderful experience.
Now I hope you will answer soon and tell me a bit  (of*/about)  your adventure  or experience you had in last time .
 lots  of kisses
your friend BM
Dear Helen:
Thank you for sending me this wonderful news. I was really happy when I  learned  I won the first prize. I am writing to give you my details and ask  for  some more information.
Firstly, I would like to travel in July because I need to stay at home in August. I am a college student and I am going to study  (in*/at)  university this year. I will take my exams in June and have the  results  in August. So I shall stay to prepare for my university.
Secondly, I prefer staying in log cabins so that I can have more  chances  to be with other people, then I can make more friends. During the camp, I will do  singing  and climbing activities. I enjoy singing all the time and I want to share my music with    others. I also like climbing because I like the view on the top of hills.
 Finally , I want to know what the weather is like in California in July. Do I need some special clothes for the camp and how much money shall I bring for other expenses ? 
I am looking forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours Sincerely.
To: The teacher of  the  English class
From: Jolin
Subject: The lessons  that  should be filmed
Date: 13   June   00
 Introduction :
 The  English class is going to make a short video about  the   school's  daily life. The aim of this report is to give  some   suggestions   (of*/about)  which lessons and activities should be filmed.
Lessons and Activities
 The  Speaking and Listening class should be filmed because the purpose of this class is to encourage students  to talk  about some topics they choose and discuss  them  with others in order to  improve  their speaking and listening skills.
 The topical  class is similar to speaking and listening but the materials are more  up to date . The teacher  uses  video    and  pictures to  teach  students about festivals, sports, museums,  etc . It is popular  (by*/with)  the students.
 The canteen  is the place students  get  together apart from class. Quite a lot of students spend their free time there    relaxing and talking.
Basketball is the most popular activity,  which  takes place between 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm from Monday to Friday every week. Not only  the students who have activity play  but also a lot of students watch.
Conclusion
The lessons and activities above are  what we suggest  should be filmed.
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
 In  your letter I received a few days ago, you asked me to give you some more information concerning my  trip  to the U.S.A.
I'm a teacher in Vienna .  My  holiday starts on July 1st. For August I booked a  trip  to Greece with my wife. That's why it would be great if I could make that journey to the U.S. in July.
I'm not  really  a young man and during the  recent  years of my life I   became have become   accustomed  to    comfort. Tents remind me of the time when I was  (at*/in)  the army - I would prefer  a  log cabin for my stay in the camp.
Swimming is an activity I  have done  since I was a boy .  I still enjoy swimming ,  especially when it's in the sea, although I never took part in  competitions ,  which  means I  go  swimming just for fun.
The other activity I choose is  photography . Usually I  just take  holiday pictures to look at when I'm back home but when I have enough time - sometimes - I like to take pictures that have a slight touch of art....
I think there are no more questions .  I'm looking forward to seeing you.
Yours
I'm the teacher of  the class in question . The children are seven to eight years old. The video that will be made should demonstrate  what   a  day in school is like.
- I start the day by greeting the children and they answer - in English, of course. Then I tell them to sit down.
- The first lesson will deal with animals on a farm. I will show pictures of animals and the children will tell me the  names  of  the   animals .
- Later on we'll     sing  the song    "Old McDonald had a farm".
- The third part of the film will show the children's painting work "Animals on a farm".
- Some sequences  featuring  the  gym lesson  should conclude the part of the film showing the children at work, but there should follow another short part that  shows  how  the  children have their lunch and spend their  free time , what games they play in the  schoolyard  and how they  interact  with each other.
Each part of the film mentioned above should not be longer than 5 to 10 minutes. The whole film when it's finished will last for about half an hour.
Dear Helen,
Thanks a lot for giving me the prize. I am so happy because of that. Thank you very much for treating me in that way.
 Apart  from that, here     is  the  information  that you asked me for:
- concerning    the date: I can go in July because it's my  holiday  month. That was  what  my boss told me.
- About the  accommodation , as I read, you can offer me  a   log cabin  or  a   tent . From my point of view, I think tents are better than log cabins, so please, could you  put me up  in a tent?
- Activities: I am very keen on surfing because, where I live, I can  do  it every day. I also want to "book in" singing because I love singing very much and I am always singing in my house.
Thank you so much for your  concern .
Yours  sincerely 
Javi Fernández
Why don't you buy the green one? Oh, no! That's horrible, mum! This is    a normal scene when a mother and her daughter are  shopping  and getting clothes from the shelves. That is what most    women love. They love going to a shopping centre and  putting  lots of clothes on. That's so good when you have  the  money     to enjoy  it but,  apart  from that, there are many problems.
 First of all , a big problem  is  the children. When they go    shopping with their mothers, they want to buy all the things that  they see : doors, little cars, films... but, when their mothers see a good thing that they want to buy,  then   the children are    crying because they are tired  (for*/from)  shopping all    day.
 Also  there is a big problem: the  money . People buy and buy unnecessary things but, when they  get home , they can see an empty wallet.
So, do you believe that a shopping  trip  like this one is an enjoyable  day's shopping ?
I feel very happy to be the winner of your competition. I would like to travel in July only ,  because they will need me at work in August.
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I have never done it and I think it is an experience not to be missed, a very original adventure!
I would like to do singing and swimming.  Regarding  the first activity, I must tell you that I am very keen on singing but that I have very  little  experience in it.
Concerning swimming, I  do  this sport once a week  (on*/by)  myself, so I am just an amateur, not a great swimmer!
Otherwise, I would like to ask you  what  clothes I will have to take in my luggage. What is the weather like in July? Is it worth  taking  a raincoat? Should I take trainers?
Finally, how much money must I bring with me? Is it necessary to ask for Travellers' Cheques? Or is it better to take only an international credit card?
Going    shopping is a good thing when you don't know what  else  to do but it  also has  many  disadvantages .
First of all, shopping is tiring because of the people who are doing the same thing as you the same day! Especially If you go shopping on a Saturday, when people are  on  weekend  .  The streets  are crowded and you can't walk easily. You are  embarrassed with  the people who are so close to you that you can't walk as fast as you want.
Secondly, shopping is stressful, especially if you  have  to find a  particular item of   clothing  for a  special  day   and nothing fits you. It can be discouraging. Or if you look for a present and you can't find it.
However, shopping is entertaining if you don't know what  else  to do. You can  discover  a lot of things if you are abroad and learn a lot about the life of local people. Moreover, it is  fun  to try  on  many  different types of  clothes and to see what you look like in various clothes, especially if you are in a foreign country. It can be  fun !
Finally, shopping can help you to feel happy if you are down in the dumps, if you feel horrible. For instance, if you try  on   an item of   clothing  which fits you well, it can contribute to  making  you feel better.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Thank you for informing me that I have won  the  first prize in your competition  of  two weeks at Camp California in the USA. I will be pleased to send  the   further  information which you need.
In addition, I would like to travel  (on*/in)   July  because my school will have finished that month so I will be able to go on holiday. And if it is possible, I would rather be  accommodated  in log cabins because I would not like to share the bathroom facilities  with  someone who I do not know well. Thank you for asking me to choose  from  the list of    activities.    I am in the school swimming team and I am  interested  in photography professionally. Therefore I would like to improve my skills and knowledge  (about*/in)   these  subjects during my holiday. Could  you please tell me   what  kind of clothes I should bring with me and  whether  the company offers us some   expenses   money to spend?
Once again, thank you for sending me  some  information. I feel   it will be the best holiday   I have ever had. I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.
Yours faithfully
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Who does not like shopping? Perhaps  it is  just men or anybody who has  a  lack of time or if you are looking for something  particular to buy  and  the  shop has  no     variety.
Frankly, if I had a lot of money I would    spend my entire life    shopping. Although I am  someone  who loves shopping, I  cannot  stand     the Easters, the Christmas and Sundays, because those days are suitable for anyone to consume the food, buy some presents etc . However, everyone prefers to do the same thing and  at  the same time.  It   leads to   overcrowded  shops,  high-pitched  noise,  a  lack of parking  places  and if you have to go shopping with a child, the whole  thing   is  just  about  enough to drive you crazy. Despite knowing the difficulty we do not  avoid     shopping  (in*/on)  those days. On the other hand, some companies offer special  services  ,  such as sending your order  (with*/by)     post or  taking it  on  the  telephone. It could be the  way     to avoid  busy  times  or days . Do  not  take  your child with you ;  choose the right shop which has  a   car park .
Dear Mrs Ryan
I am writing in connection with the competition I entered a month ago. I received your letter, and I was delighted to know that I won it. As requested, below  is  some further information and some  questions .
I would be able to travel only after the end of my exams which are taking place in June. So, I think that July would suit me best.
As far as  accommodation  is concerned, I would prefer  to sleep  in a  tent . I have been travelling every summer since I was eighteen years of age and this type of  accommodation  is part of the ritual.
I would  very much enjoy  playing tennis because it is a sport I love and I am really good  (in*/at)  it. In addition I would love to  attend  the photography classes  even though  I have never tried to take a picture before.
I hope I  have given  you all the information you needed. From my  point of view , I would just like to know what sort of clothes  I should  bring with me and also how much money.
Thanking you in advance, I am looking forward to your prompt  response  to my  questions  . 
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
I got your letter yesterday and I was really glad to hear from you... it's been ages since you last wrote to me! I've done so many  things   including  I went to Glastonbery (as you know)!
 The festival  lasted three days and  I had  the best fun of my life. I went as a  volunteer     in order to go for free. I had to help the Green Peace  teams  to recycle everything we could.
 There  were more or less two hundred students doing the same job. Our duty was to work eight  hours  each day and then we were free to enjoy the rest of the day as we liked.
The  accommodation  and the food were part of the contract... everything free. They provided us  with  tents and also a VIP pass in order to get food.
Oh my God!!! It  was  the best experience you can  imagine . I met lots of nice    cool people, and what I most enjoyed was the crazy  atmosphere  of the  whole  thing. No matter how hard we had to work, everyone  was  always  funny  and  in  a positive mood.
So, I'll sign off now and I hope you'll write soon.
Lots of love
Irene
Dear Helen Ryan,
I'm writing to you with regard to the letter I've just received as I wish to give you some further information about myself.
I would rather travel  (on*/in)  July because I'm not as busy as  (on*/in)  June or August and because in my opinion during July there's excellent weather.
Regarding the accommodation ,  I would prefer a log cabin because in my opinion tents are very uncomfortable to sleep  in  and they aren't very  cosy .
Regarding the activities ,  I've chosen swimming as I'm very keen on it and I'm fairly good at it,  and  I expect the water to be    crystal clear. I've also chosen singing. I'm an awful singer, but I would like to learn.
I would like to ask you for vegetarian food for me as I am a very  strict  vegan, and to suggest    what kind of clothes to bring.
I'm really looking forward to my stay at Camp California and to your  reply    .
Yours sincerely,
Nuria
Valverde.
Have you ever asked yourself which lessons or activities should be filmed in the school video? Well, I've just polled some students and here are their responses.
70% of students think we should film the Speech and Drama lesson because  it  is one of the lessons they enjoy the most.
The vast majority say Maths and History should be filmed too, because they love these subjects and think they are very interesting and are also great fun.
60% of students say breaks should be filmed too, because they want to show in the video  that  they can also have fun at school.
Most of them said Science, English and Literature shouldn't be filmed because they are not very interesting and are    very boring.
In my opinion I think basketball should be filmed too because  it  is one of the activities the students are very keen on doing and they usually enjoy it.
But I don't think we should film breaks, because in my opinion everyone knows  what  breaks are  like  and what students do during them.
In a  nutshell  I think Maths, basketball, Speech and Drama, and History should be filmed.
Nuria Valverde.
Dear Helen Ryan
Thank you very much for the prize  of  two weeks at Camp California in the USA.  (On*/In)  the following there is some further information from me.
I would like to travel only in July, because I have so many assignments to finish before the end of June. I do not think I have enough time to prepare   some things   to travel before    July.  In fact , I really do not mind  staying  in log cabins, but I have never stayed in a tent before. I think  it  might be fun to try to stay in  a  tent this time. I would prefer to choose tennis and swimming. I used to be a tennis player when I was fifteen. I won first prize two years ago. The other activity is swimming. I started to  learn  when I was five years old. I was a swimming teacher for a year in a sports club. Now I own a swimming school and  train  the  staff  every week. I think both activities I have chosen are suitable for me and I am sure I can do well.
What type of clothes  should I  bring with me?  And  is there any equipment I need to bring with me ?  I would like to know how much money I need to spend  while     camping.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
(Mali Ratana)
13th July 2000
Dear Kim
Thank you very much for your letter ,   which  I just got last week. How are you? I hope you  are having  a nice  summer  now. I wondered who had told you  that  I  helped   at  a pop concert last month. Anyway, it    doesn't matter now who  told  you, but I was very happy and enjoyed it. Well, I am going to tell you about it.
First of all, I had to  be   trained  by the  concert  staff for a day. Before the concert started I had to help the staff  prepare  a stage,  doing things  like  putting  the instruments where they should be on the stage  . And then, I had to help the singer to  put on  some  make-up . I was very  frightened  I might put too much  make-up  on their faces, but everything was  all right . After that, I had to help them to prepare some lunch when the concert  started . I was running around to find something I could do, like serving some drinks for  the   staff  or the singers.
After the concert finished I had to help them  clean  up everything. I was so tired, but  happy . I really like to help people without  getting  something back.  I was so proud of this experience  and very  happy .  I don't think I wasted  my time at all. I spent my free time    helping them  and   it made  my life a little bit busy. I think I have learnt a lot from this experience.  When  helping people you should not expect anything back   , except happiness and  enjoyment .
Well, I think I must stop writing now. I hope you  enjoyed   hearing about  my experience. I hope to see you sometime next month.
Love
Dear miss Ryan,
With reference to your letter of  the  13th of June I would like to thank you for the prize your organisation is offering me.
I am pleased to provide you with the following information.
Since I am a student I have to follow the vacation  programme  of my school, which means that I would only be able to travel during the month of July.
I would be grateful if you could book a tent for me at Camp California because I am a nature lover and the idea of  sleeping outdoors  really makes me happy. Concerning the activities,  as a matter of fact  tennis is my  favourite  sport and I am very keen on it . For  the second activity I would like to  enrol   in  surfing, because my husband, who is already a proficient  surfer , keeps telling me about the excitement of this sport, and I think it is  worthwhile  trying, therefore I'd love to be in the  beginners'  group.
I would like to know if you would be kind enough to send me some information on weather conditions for that  month , the kind of currency I should take with  me  as well as the vaccination requirements.
I am looking forward to hearing from you and thank you in advance for your help.
Yours faithfully
Abril Botella
Benoni's school is a recognised school for tourism located in the heart of Brussels, Belgium. It offers a wide choice of courses from cooking,  computing ,  make-up , languages,  geography  ,  to culture and civilization. Students start their day at the Gym, where they learn the importance of being fit, that is  why  I suggest  filming  this activity. Once students have taken a shower after    hard physical training they  enter  real life . Depending  on their levels  of proficiency  ,  they have to study  for instance  languages  which  I personally find very important for a person working in the tourism  industry  because  they   enable   staff  to communicate with clients in a proper way . Students  have to manage to speak at least three languages. Another important lesson to film is "culture and civilization, "   so  people will know that the  waitresses   trained  at this school are not  simply , as  the  French say, "pot-au-fleurs", beautiful faces    ,  but also  well-read   people .  Last but not least  is the class called "know-how" ,   which  shows students how to cope with  unexpected  problems even if they are     stressed . I would also  choose  an outdoor lesson ,  "training". The school works together with known companies  in the industry   ,  the  as Mariot hotel, Air France ,  Princess cruise ,  among others ,  in order to provide students with  high-quality  training.
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan
Yesterday, I received your letter. It made me happy and I would like to  thank  you for the opportunity you  are offering  me . 
First of all I would like to travel in July. I think that this is the  ideal  month for a trip to California.  During this  period the days are sunny and the weather won't prevent me from doing a lot of activities.  Regarding  the  accommodation  I would prefer to stay in a cabin. I think that the  cabins  are safer than the tents and they can protect you better in case the weather changes. The two activities I have chosen  are  swimming and climbing. I selected swimming because this is one of my hobbies and I'm good enough  at  this  activity . In addition I would like to swim in a sea like California's because it is clean and beautiful. I chose climbing because I'm  interested  in this sport  even though  I'm not experienced. I like it because it offers you a lot of adventure and action.
As a conclusion I would like to ask you about the money and the  clothes  I must take with  me . Please drop me a line
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Kim
Yesterday I received your letter and it made me happy that you and your family are healthy.
As you asked me I will write  to  you about the experience I had helping at the pop concert. All the children helped as much as they could and that's why the result was beautiful   . Before the concert I helped  (in*/with)   carrying  and putting in order some chairs on which  some special people would sit . It was very hard and at the end I was very tired. At the concert, what I had to do was to give out refreshments and  drinks  to the audience. I also helped to clear up the place after the concert.
It was really a very beautiful experience. It offered me more pocket money and besides this I had the chance to make a lot of friends because there were many children who wanted to help too. In addition I had the opportunity to talk to the singers and  get  a lot of  autographs  by them. I will never forget these days and  I definitely  will take part in activities like this in the future.
 Yours  sincerely   Alexander  
Dears Ms.    Ryan,
I was really  grateful  when I  received  your letter which informed me that I have won first prize in your competition.
I would like to make this trip the first week or the last week of July  because  my school finishes  at   the  end of June and I will have a  month's  break  and  after that .  I have to do a computing course which I have already applied for   . Could you possibly tell me, at Camp California will I stay in tents or log cabins ?   Personally  I prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents.
I really enjoy swimming and playing tennis.  Unfortunately  I am not good at  either  of them. Maybe I will have time to do enough  practice  ,  as much as I always wanted to do.
Could you tell me what sort of clothes I would need to bring with me and will I need any extra money for this holiday ? 
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Kim,
I don't know where to start but I can say it was the  best  time I have ever had.
As I mentioned  to  you before ,   a   friend  of mine      is a stage assistant and she needed    help  (for*/with)  that pop concert last month.
I told her if she  needed  help ,  I would be happy to help her. Next day ,  when I went there ,  I  met  lots of people  who   were  very famous and very friendly. It took us almost a month to prepare for this concert.
You wouldn't believe how hard it was.  The  stage was covered with all  sorts  of light and we made it look like a waterfall.
The waterfall  was made   (by*/from)  real rock so that was the worst bit because  it was  really heavy and we had to carry  it , but  at  the end of  the   month  when the concert started, it was all over.
I  sang  and  danced  all day. I have lots of  memories  which I could never forget.
I wish you were there.
I  wish  you shared my happiness with me.
Lots of love,
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to reply to your letter. I'm very glad to hear that I have won first prize in your competition. Here     is  the  information  you require.
First of all, I'm available     to travel  only in July because in August I'm going to attend a language course in France.
As far as  accommodation  is concerned ,  I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable, and, therefore, I have never stayed in a tent.
The two activities I have chosen are basketball and tennis.
I play basketball very well, although I have never taken part in important competitions; however, I am not very good at tennis, and I would like to improve   .
Moreover I would be grateful if you could tell me how much money I have to take, and  what  clothes are  best      to wear  during the holiday.
Yours sincerely
Rita Pizzi
This report shows which lessons and activities are  best  to  film  in order to make a short video about daily life at our school. It is based on interviews taken from over 80% of my classmates.
First of all, according to the majority of them,  Latin and Greek  lessons should be filmed. In fact they find it difficult to take them in and, in their opinion, these lessons are the most important so as to show their daily life at school.
On the other hand, about 3% of students suggest that  chemistry lessons should also  be filmed, because they often take place in the laboratory that the school has  recently  built; in fact some experiments might be filmed.
Furthermore, some students would like to film the  school football team , because football is the most  practised  activity  (by*/among)  the students.
To sum up, it is clear that not only should the film be about the subjects they study, but it should concern their  sports  activities as well.
Dear Ms Ryan,
Thank you very much for informing that I won the prize. I was very pleased to hear that. I am writing to  give  you the information you asked me  for .
As for the date to travel, I would like to go there in July. Owing  to  the summer course I take starting in August, July is the only month I have free time.
With regard to  the  place to stay, I would be most grateful if I could stay in a log cabin. I never could sleep in a tent in my life.
I was also very pleased to hear that I could do some activities. Since I have studied photography for several years, I would like to take some  pictures  of beautiful  scenery  in California.  After  photography, swimming is my best  method  of relaxation. It would be  great  if I could go swimming during the  stay .
Finally, I would like to know what kind of clothes I should take there, and how much money I would need.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Although shopping is one of the most popular ways to reduce your stress, this is not always the case. There are some negative points that I would like to make about shopping.
First of all, if you want to buy nice dresses, the first thing you have to do is  look  around all  the  shops and department stores in a city. If you are lucky enough, you might find them within 30 minutes, but if you don't, you might have to keep walking for several hours and still  not  find  any !!  That  would be so exhausting.
Next thing you have to do is  try  them on. You have to be patient enough to tolerate long queues for fitting rooms. After that what is waiting for you is the struggle with  ill-fitting  clothes ,  taking off and putting on. That's    hell!!
That's not the end of the story. You need to go home with bulky bags in both of your hands!!
To sum up, although there is certainly a good side  (of*/to)  shopping, such as  the  pleasures of getting new stuff and spending money on something you really wanted for  a  long time, you also have some unpleasant moments to get through.
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
Thank you for your letter. I was very surprised that I have won the first prize in your competition. First I would like to mention that I can only travel in July, because I will work in August in a web  designer's  studio. So I am unable to go on holiday  at any other  time. I would prefer to stay in a tent because I like camping very much. I think it's more exciting to be in a tent than in a log cabin.
I was very surprised that you offer such a great variety of sports and courses.
I would like to do Basketball and Painting.
I played Basketball at school for about two years. I am rather good  (in*/at)  it. I also had Painting as  my  main subject at school for five years. I like painting very much, and I think I am good  (in*/at)  Painting. I paint a lot in my free time. I prefer painting landscapes and  fantasy pictures .
I would like to ask you, how much money will we need?  What  clothes should we take with us?
I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours sincerely
First I would like to point out   that  it  was a good idea to  present  our school in a short film.
I think first of all we should film an  English  lesson, where pupils could prepare some group work or  information boards . I think it is also important to present a  business   English  lesson .  Maybe  the pupils could write "offers and orders" or enquiries on the blackboard.
Next I would film a BWPM lesson. This subject  teaches  the pupils how to make good presentations. They  get  together in groups, then they prepare  power-point  presentations and  finally  they present it in front of the other pupils and teachers.
It would be also very interesting to film the situation during the  break . The smokers in the school yard, the  buffet  and the other pupils, who are sitting  at  their tables  doing  their homework.
I think then we should film an  information-technology lesson . It would be funny to  show  the computers, which are often  overcharged ,  and  often the  netserver is spinning . It's really funny to see the helpless teacher, who wants to go on  working  in  Excel  or     Word    , while the computers do not work or  break  down.
I think that would be all for our video. In my opinion  these  are the most interesting things in our school.
 Dear Madam 
My name is Alois Blau and I'm very happy that I've won this competition. Unfortunately I can only travel in July, because I have to attend school until June the 30th and in August I have to work in an office  to get some work  experience. I hope   that's possible.
I would prefer  staying  in a tent during the two weeks because I think a tent is  more natural . A log cabin doesn't sound like a  camping  holiday. It sounds like a  summer holiday   (at*/on)  the  coast  of Italy.
From the activities  you've offered  I want  to do   golf and surfing .  I've never done either in my life , so I am a complete beginner  (in*/at)  playing  golf and at surfing . But the reason I want to try these two activities  is  their image. Golf  is played by  wealthy people,  a town's upper class , and surfing sounds like freedom.
There is only one more question I want to ask:  can  I take my  girlfriend  with me,  paying, of course ?
I hope all my wishes are  realisable .
Yours
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable. Very often, for example on Friday afternoon or Saturday, there are so many people in  the  shopping centre   that you can't move    forwards or backwards. Many people say that this is real shopping, when you queue for hours  only to pay   for  a pair of socks or a bottle of mineral water at the supermarket. I think   you can't really enjoy shopping when there are hundreds of people and everyone wants to buy something.
I like going shopping during the week, when I can look at each  item  a store sells. But for me it is better   when I go at the weekend because then I don't spend so much money because I think   before I have to queue for half an hour     to buy   something !
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you for your letter of 13 June. I am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition.
I would like to travel only in July, because I have only one  month's   holiday  this year. I would prefer to sleep in a tent, because I think  it  is    great fun and a bit more adventurous. It is not too     comfortable , but  that  is not a problem for me .    I like this kind of  holiday .
I am keen on photography so I would love to  participate   (at*/in)  this activity .  I am very good at  it  and it would be a pleasure for me to help the others. I  will also  take painting, because I always dream about painting, but I never try to, so I think it is a good  opportunity .
I would be grateful if you could tell me what kind of clothes I have to take with  me  and how  much  money, more or less,    you think I should take.
Thank you  for   asking  me  about  my  preferences  and  for your concern .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely,
Audrey Gillett
Dear Kim,
 As  you know ,  last month   I  worked  at a pop concert and I enjoyed it a lot.
 First  I had to make the  backdrop   (of*/for)  the  stage , so I made    the background a sky with a lot of bright stars. Then I put  in  some blue lights.  Furthermore  I made some stars  out of   silver-coloured paper . But that was only the  beginning  of my adventure.
The most  exciting  part was when I had  to do  the  pop stars'   make-up ! I never had met pop stars before and I was very  impressed , but I was too happy to show my shyness. Do you believe that I spoke with Micheal Jackson, my favourite singer?
I can't believe it yet! It was a wonderful experience. I will remember that day for the rest of my life. It was  like a dream come true . I wish you had been there with me. I can't explain how  great  it was.
I stayed with him until the concert  began  and after the show I had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other  dancers . Well, I have to leave you now, but I will  give  you more details when we next meet each other.
See you soon.
Love,
Audrey
 First of all  I would like to thank you. Now I am going to give you some further  information  :  I would like to travel only in July because I am a student in  high  school and this is  the  most important year of my life .  I am studying  (to*/for)   the  university entrance exams and I have to study until the end of June and then  (by*/at)  the end of June I will  have   the  university entrance exam  and  after that ,  in July ,  I am going to be alright.
I would prefer  a   tent  because I have never  stayed  in  a   tent  before and I am wondering  what  it is going to be like .  And  (among*/from)  these activities I  will choose  basketball and swimming : basketball  because I am very good at it, swimming because I like to swim very much but I'm not a very good swimmer. And finally I would like to ask you some questions. My first question is about clothes; what kind of clothes do we need to take with us?  And   how  much money do we need to take?
Finally ,  what kind of  weather  is waiting for us?
Thank you for  everything  . 
 Yours  sincerely
Osman
Dear Helen Ryan, the competition Organiser,
I have recently  received  your letter  saying  that I have won the first prize in the competition. It was very  fortunate   (of*/for)  me.
I would like to go to Camp California in the USA only in July as it is my summer holidays  then . It will be convenient for me then because I have two  months'  holiday.
I would like to do Tennis and Photography. I am in the  tennis team  at school and I have played against  various  other schools before. I also enjoy photography. I am doing this subject for my  G.C.S.E.s  so it would be very helpful for me to practise.
About the accommodation at the Camp, I would like to stay in tents because I love to be outside and I like dangerous adventures. I can also then wake up in the morning and take photographs of the wonderful  scenery .
I would like to ask you about what kind of clothes I have to bring and how much money I have  to bring . Will there be any shops? Please could you send me an  itinerary  of the trip? Thank you very much.
Yours sincerely
I think that shopping can be both enjoyable and unenjoyable because sometimes the shops are full of people, especially at the weekends ,  which normally is the only  appropriate  time! Not only  are shops  crowded with people, the changing rooms have enormous  queues . The clothes are quite expensive and they are never your size. These things can be very annoying but there is a good side  (of*/to)  'shopping'.
I, personally ,  enjoy shopping very much. I like to look at the beautiful clothes and I dream of wearing them. I find that shopping is    very good exercise as well! By the time you have completed the whole High Street, you will be out of breath.
I do agree that shopping is not always enjoyable because of crowded shops and the price of clothes but I am sure that the majority of people do like shopping and I am sure that in the future   there will be no more crowded streets because of the ' Internet  , '  on  which you can order  online . Maybe we will have robots to do the shopping for us in the future!
We all just have to wait and see...
Dear Ms Ryan
Thank you for your letter. I was so happy to hear that I have won a  two-week  holiday in the U.S.A.
I would like to travel in July. I am going to finish my exams in June, and I am planning to go back to China in early August. So if I could travel in July, and  come  back before  the  6th of August, that would be great.
I would prefer  staying  in tents to log cabins. I have never had any experience  of   staying  in a tent, so I would like to give it a go. I think I will enjoy myself in a tent.
I love swimming, but I am not any good at swimming. I really  want  to learn how to swim. I was wondering if there is a coach  who  could give  me  a lesson  (during*/at)  the Camp. Also, I would like to join  the  basketball team .  I used to play basketball when I was in high school, and our high school basketball team  has  won many competitions during  the  last ten years in our city. I am glad I  have  taken    part in a few competitions, and I was so proud of our basketball team.
Would you tell me    how much money you  will  give    to me and  what   the weather is  like in  the  U.S.A. Thank you for  everything !
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Kim,
It was great to hear from you, haven't seen you since last summer holiday, hope everything is fine  (in*/at)  your place.
You wanted to hear about my experience at the pop concert which I enjoyed helping  at  last month? I must say that was    great fun .   I'd  never had this kind of experience before. Before the concert actually started I had to give out lots of leaflets . They   were   lists  of pop  bands  and  groups  which  would  appear in the concert in order, and some information about their performance and backgrounds. After that, I had to help people who had a ticket but  couldn't  find their seat. During the concert, I didn't have a lot to do, so I had  a  chance to see most of the performance . That  was excellent. I was excited that I had a closer look at so many famous pop stars. During  the  break time I did give a  lot  of  directions  to people who  couldn't  find  the  toilet, and  gave people  information such as where they could have a cup of coffee. That was  a  bit boring, but it was part of my job.
I  have got  to go.  Write to you next time .
Love
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am writing in reply to your letter asking for further information from me.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because this is the  beginning  of my holidays, and I would not like to miss some of my school classes. Besides, I would  prefer  to stay in  a   tent , because I got used to being in tents since  I spend my holidays every summer  with my friends  (at*/in)  the hills.
In  addition , I would  prefer  playing tennis. When I was younger I won the National Tennis Championship. I also like surfing .  I think it is a dangerous sport, but I know how to  do  it, because of the fact that last year a  professional  surfer  taught  me.
However, I would like to know what kind of clothes I should take and if it is possible for you to tell me how much money I will need.
I would appreciate it if you could send me a reply at your earliest convenience.
Yours sincerely,
From my point of view, shopping is not always enjoyable, because sometimes when you are looking for a special  item  you never find it. Besides, I do not like to waste my time just  looking  at a wide variety of products, that  makes  you feel confused ,  and you don't know which  item  fits you, instead of being with my friends or doing something else.
I think that when you want to buy something you have to be sure of what you really need, if not the shop assistant has the ability to persuade you to buy something you do not want.  Especially  in the shops that  sell  fashionable clothes. Although it is wonderful to buy new things, there are times  when  it really  becomes  tiring.
To summarize, I  would  say that if you want to buy something, first make sure what sort of product you need and then   go shopping. If  you don't  shopping  will  never be enjoyable, but  only  tiring and boring.
 Dear Sir or Madam ,
Firstly I would like to thank you for  my  prize. This  trip   pleases  me because  I've never been  to  the  USA.
Secondly I am going to answer your questions. I can travel only  in  July because I study  (in*/at)  an  engineer's  school in France and in  summer  we have  our  holidays  (since*/from)  July.
I prefer to  stay  in tents, where it is easier to  meet  other people than in log cabins. When I travel I don't often sleep in  a  hotel, I prefer tents and also I can meet people   who  live  in the country.
 Regarding  the activities I would be very happy if I could play golf.  This  is a sport that  I have always wanted  to  play  but in France it is  too   expensive . So if I have this opportunity, I don't want to  miss  it. I would like to  try   photography  too. There are so  many  monuments in California and so I will remember  this holiday  with my  photographs .
Could you send me more  information  about  what  clothes to take with  me ? Finally I would like to ask you   if I need  any  money ,  because you say all  accommodation  and travel costs are paid for.
Thank you for your answer.
Charles Dumaux
Hello Kim,
Last month, I enjoyed helping at a pop concert. It was marvellous!!!
I was    backstage, so I could speak with the singer before the concert. During half an hour he explained  to  me   how he  feels  in France.
I had to serve glasses of water to the group before and during the concert, so I had a lot of contact with them. They are very  nice . After the concert, I went to eat with them in a restaurant near the stadium   where they had played.
What I particularly liked about this experience is that I saw that famous people are like us and have the same  interests .
I think that this experience is something that you have to live too. Perhaps  (in*/at)  the next concert we will go together. I will  keep you informed  about it.
I hope you will answer my letter and  tell  me if you are  interested  in my proposition.  I'm sending  you with my letter a photo of the singer    that  he  gave  me.
See you later.
Charles
13th June
Dear Ms Ryan
I am so grateful and I can't believe I am so lucky to  receive  your letter in which  you  said that I have won the first prize in your competition,  (for*/of)  two weeks camping in California in the U.S.A.
I am writing to inform  you  that I can only go in July, the summer holiday, because I have got a place  (in*/at)     university and it will start in August. Is    the time I request available? I would also like to ask <NS type="M"></NS> accommodation you offer  is  in  tents  or log cabins. If I can choose I would prefer  tents . I like to sleep on open land and see the sun come up in the morning.
In addition, I choose painting and sailing for my activities. I  can't  wait to do my painting  (for*/of)  the rising sun, and can't imagine how wonderful sailing along the rivers  will be .
Finally, can you tell me what kind of clothes I should bring with  me , and how much spending money will be  needed .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
JUAN LILY LEE
13th June
Shopping is not always enjoyable. I don't really like shopping.  Sometimes  when I'm  bored  and can't find something else to do ,  I go look round  the  shops. When I see some clothes in the window I like, I    go in and try them  on . But I always  find   they   do  not look nice on me.  The other thing I don't like going shopping is   (in*/at)  the weekend. All the shops are full of people, and people treat the  items  like rubbish , hanging  them  everywhere  after they  have tried   them on  and  found  that  they   did  not suit them.
Also  (in*/with)     weekend shopping , you     can't find  somewhere  to sit down  comfortably  to have a cup of tea. Mc.Donnals, K.F.C,  are  all full of people.
However, shopping is  a nice way  to spend  your  leisure time and give yourself  a chance  to relax sometimes, but  I  suggest that  you never do it   (in*/at)  the weekend.
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
First of all, I would like to thank you for this prize and the fact that you wrote  to  me asking for my preferences about the Camp.
 Regarding  the information you  need , I have to tell you that I can only go in July,  for  work reasons. Once there, I would prefer staying in  a   tent , because that is a way to remember my childhood as a  Boy Scout  and  get a break from  the routine.
From the list of activities you sent me, I  have chosen what are  the, from my point of view, most relaxing activities available: painting and photography. One of my hobbies is    photography, so I think I am rather good at it, but I will take painting    to learn, because I am not very  talented  at it.
I also would like to know if I have to take  any  money and what kind of clothes are suitable for that location. Please reply  me  soon.
Yours sincerely
David Brian
Dear Kim,
You are not going to believe what I am about to tell you! A couple of months ago, I was told that Britney Spears was coming to perform in our city. When I knew this, I managed to get a job as one of the kids that  prepare  the stage  before  the concert. I was really excited.
The day of the show I worked so hard that I couldn't see the  show . And I didn't even  get  paid. But it was  worth it . I  got  my reward when the concert finished. After    carrying stuff like lights, microphones, wires and some other equipment for about three hours, I was  exhausted . But when Britney came  off  the stage, she passed by me, saw my tired face and invited me  (to*/into)  her personal  dressing room . We talked for about half an hour and when she said goodbye she gave me a kiss. I won't forget that moment ever. Write  to  me soon to tell me your  thoughts  about what happened to me. Bye.
With love
David Brian
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you for your letter and congratulations! I have always been interested in visiting other  countries . In fact  I  didn't want to ask my parents for money, and going on holiday with you  is  an ideal solution.
I will be having my exams    this month, so I can't travel before July. Also I'm going to meet a director of Smith'th Travel Agency for  an  interview concerning possible work with English-speaking tourists. As you can see, I will be available only in July.
As regards accommodation, I would like to stay in tents, because I used to  go  on holiday with my friends and  stay  in tents. It is just wonderful.
In my spare time I like to play basketball for a local team of which I have recently been made captain. I would now like to learn how to play tennis and golf, if it is possible.
Could you please let me know what kind of weather  there will be  in July, what sorts of clothing I'd better take with me. Is there an extra charge for some trips, which might put them beyond my means ? 
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully,
Raisa Sharapova
To: Dinara Safina
From: Raisa
Re: Daily life at our school.
As requested,  I   have  collected some information about the school. Below is a summary of the most important  relevant  points with some recommendations.
1. The  fully equipped  computer centre in the main building is  extremely  good. Lessons are very interesting and full of fun. Our teacher is friendly and he encourages us to study well. However, there are  not  enough computers and sometimes we have to study in pairs. I suggest  increasing  the number of them, because it will be more  exciting  to film.
2. The school arranges an  amazing  range of activities, such as  excursions , sports and different kinds of trips. Although there is plenty for us to do during the day, the  funniest  events happen while we are playing basketball and football. I must say, I think this is the best time for making a short video.
Conclusion.
Our school is an ideal place for making a short video. There are many interesting lessons and other activities. I do recommend, however,  making  a short video about
a) lessons in the computer centre
b) basketball and football games.
Thank you very much for this  opportunity  .  I'd like to travel only in July, because,  (in*/for)  the rest of the year, I'm working in a bank. The second reason is the weather. I love travelling when the weather is warm.  Regarding  the accommodation, I'd prefer to stay in  a   log cabin , because  it is more comfortable for me and my family . I have a baby and three dogs, so it should be better in  a   log cabin .
I'd like spend all of  my  time in a  swimming pool  because I love swimming. I  also like  surfing, because I love the wind in  my  hair and  the fresh on my body .
 I have only  one question about  the  baby's  accommodation . May I have a babysitter? I'd like to have more free time for myself and my health.
I've never been there, so it will be a pleasure for me.
Let me say  thank you again .
I'm looking forward to  meeting  you
Best regards
Irene Venerio
Dear Kim,
How are you? I'm fine. I'm sorry I didn't write  to  you before, but I was so busy with my exams.
First of all, I want to tell you what happened last month. Do you remember which is my favourite group? So,  you   won't  believe me, but I  enjoyed  helping at  an   Oasis     concert.  It  was a great and wonderful experience. The group  needed  to  find  a good microphone for the concert, because the singer lost his microphone last concert. Me and my friend were there to hear the sound-check, and when I understood  what  was  happening  on the stage, I decided to help them. Of course you know   I'm a singer, so I came back  quickly  to my home, I picked  up  my microphone, and I handed it to the singer.
The concert was absolutely fantastic. I was so glad, because  (in*/at)  the  end  of  the  show the singer kissed me and dedicated  a lovely song to me . Can you  imagine ?  OK , write  to  me soon, huge hug and kisses
Yours Irene
Dear Helen Ryan
As you mentioned that I have won the competition - two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.  -     here is the information that you require.
I can travel only in July because during this month I am free to go anywhere . Actually  it is my summer holiday.
Apart from that I wouldn't mind at all whether  I   stay  in tents or log cabins but if I have to choose between these two I'd prefer to stay in tents because  they   give  me a nice feeling  of  relaxation . It  is very  unusual     to stay in log cabins while you are camping.
The activities that I'd like to do:  the first  one    would be basketball and to be honest I can play it very well  because  I used to be a basketball player in my high school ; the second  activity    would be tennis .  I am not  an  expert  (in*/at)  this    because I've played it only twice but I know how to hit the ball and basic stuff like  that ;  serving  the ball,  backhand  and  forehand  to hit the ball.
Finally I have something to ask you about how many people can stay in one  tent  .  Do I have to bring swimming  trunks  if I want to swim  (in*/at)  the camp? How much money do I need and what else do I need to pay  for ?
This information should  be  enough for you but if you'd like to know more about anything please ask me and do not hesitate.
I'm looking forward to it and I hope  to see  you    this summer.
 Yours  sincerely,
 Sometimes  when you ask your friend ,  especially girls ,   "What  would you like to  do  after the class or during the weekend? "   the  typical answer would be 'I'm going to  the  shop because I like it ,  even  window  shopping would be fine'. However, for me shopping is not always enjoyable. Why? First of all,  it wastes  my time ,  especially when I can't find the thing I want . This  is very frustrating. In addition, it's so tiring to walk around the place over and over to find the thing you want. Apart from that, it's quite annoying when you have to compare or to  survey  the price in order to buy the cheapest one, if possible. Once you've got  everything   on  your shopping list, you also have to carry all the bags that you just bought ,  which  are  very heavy  sometimes .
However ,  shopping is not a bad thing      if you plan    carefully what to buy, where to go, how much money you will spend   ?
13.06.2000
Dear Mrs Ryan
Thank you very much for your letter. You would like to have some further information from me. I am writing to answer your letter.
I would like to travel only in July because I  am  working in a bank and I can only go on    holiday in July.
I would prefer to stay in a tent because I used to go camping and stay in  a  tent. Therefore I would like to  try some kind of experience .
I am interested in tennis but I am not so good  a  tennis player. However ,  I would like to  attend tennis activity . In addition swimming would be  a  good activity for me. While I was studying at the high school and the university, I was in the swimming team   .
I would like to ask you about clothes and    money. Could you tell me what kind of clothes I should bring? When I go there, can I use  a  credit card or should I have cash?
I look forward to your answer.
Yours sincerely,
I think all people like shopping. When you ask some people to  express  their opinions about shopping they  might  tell you they don't like shopping but I  don't suppose it is true . For example   , when someone asked me about shopping I would say that I  didn't like  it. However ,  now if someone asks me the same question my answer will be ,  " Yes , I like it". When people hear this word shopping they only think about  going   to  some stores and  trying   on  new clothes or shoes and  searching  for their size and so on. They don't think about other  kinds  of shopping which are  liked by themselves . Maybe they like shopping on  the   Internet  or window shopping ;   it  doesn't matter what kind of shopping they like. There are a lot of shopping  styles   (on*/in)  the world .  I am sure everybody  likes  one of them.
In my opinion, even though people say shopping is not always enjoyable, there  is  always some fun you can  have . You only need to discover what you like, and how you can have fun with shopping.
June 13th, 2000
Dear Mrs/Ms Helen Ryan,
I would like to thank you for the prize I won. My name is Manuel P. Martinez and I won the first prize in your competition. I have been informed that all accommodation and travel  costs  are paid for  by  the company.
I can only travel in July because I am working as a receptionist in a hotel and they would only let me have two weeks off in that month. I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in  a   tent , because I find it more  comfortable  to sleep in  a   bed , but it wouldn't be a problem if I have to sleep in  a   tent .
I would love to do climbing and surfing just because those are sports I have never  tried  before . That  means I do not have any experience   .
Please let me know  what  kind of clothes we will be wearing . Will  I need to take a suit? Are there going to be any formal parties?
It is important for me to know if we need  any  money and ,   if we do , how much money would you recommend me  taking ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Manuel P. Martinez
June 13th, 2000 Dear Kim, As you already know, I was at a pop concert last month. It was great! The concert was organized by the community so everyone who wanted to help was  welcome . The concert lasted for four hours as a lot of small local bands played. My job was to set  up  the stage where the bands played. It was hard and it took me the whole day. I was there at seven a.m and didn't go home until seven a.m the following day. Of course I didn't do it alone, we were a group of about ten guys. After the show we had to stay and clean the park, which was full of empty cans. The part that I enjoyed the most was that I felt I was doing something  worthwhile  for the community and also that I got to meet a lot of people. I made great friends with the group I worked with. I think it was a great experience, and I hope we will organize another concert soon. I am looking forward to seeing you. Best wishes
20 Ibiza Road
San Antonio
13/06/2000
Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
Dear Madam:
I'm  writing  to you with reference to the letter I have received from you saying I have won your competition.
First of all ,  I'd like to thank you for the prize, I will enjoy it  a lot .
Your letter encloses an application  form  I have to fill  in  with some information  (for*/about)  the  trip . Well, as you  ask , I  will  tell you I would like to travel as soon as July begins, I'm going to be able only  to travel   in that     month because  of  my job  responsibilities .  Regarding  the choice  of   tents  or log cabins, I think I will turn to the first one because I have always loved camping  close  to nature, if    possible ,  in front of a lake or a river, if  your   campsite  has one, so that I will be able to  do  my  favourite  and  skillful  hobby: sailing. As well as this  activity  I'll  do  painting, I'm very keen on art and I think I'm good at  painting  portraits.
Finally, I'd like to  ask  some further questions: what kind of clothes do I have to bring?    Do I any kind?   And  Would it be necessary to bring  any  money?  How  much?
Thank you very much, and I hope the information above  will  be sufficient. I look forward to hearing from you
 Yours  faithfully ,  Jose Fernandez
"Wuthering Heights" by Emile Brönte I think this statement is a very  accurate   summary  in the case of my book because the main character  (of*/in)  the story is a very wicked man. Besides that, this character is more interesting than  the  others due to his complex mind and his deep ,  evil  ways .  He's  the richest character  (at*/of)  all, his name is Heathcliff, and he's the reason  (of*/for)  whatever happens to the  other  characters. They are always suffering  from  the  vengeance  that Heathcliff  is   sworn to ,  the  cause of which is the miserable situation the other  characters  have put him in. From this point of view I think Heathcliff shouldn't be hated  (by*/for)  his bad temper. He's not good not because he was born with this  tendency  to harm but  because  the  other   characters   have made  him  like that . This revenge links the story  together  so without it we would not have such "Wuthering Heights". I sympathize with Heathcliff because I think every bad character is a very important  aspect  of every book, film or play and if they were missing we would not love those stories we enjoyed while we were reading them.
Dear Competition Organiser,
I am writing to  reply   to  your letter and to ask  for  more details about the competition.
Firstly, I would like to say that I'm very glad to have been  chosen  and I will do my best for this competition.
As you asked in the letter, I would like to travel only  (on*/in)   July  because I work at the central library and I'm also having English classes, so I will just have holidays  (on*/in)  July. Is  that  suitable for you?
As you mentioned about the  accommodation , I would prefer  to stay  in  a   tent , because it's more exciting and I really love camping.
I examined all the activities that you listed and I was disappointed to have to  choose  just two of them because in my opinion I'm good  (in*/at)  almost  all  of  these  activities. However, I would choose sailing because I am  fascinated  with the sea and  its   mysteries  and I also like the  water , the wind in my face... The other one I would choose is basketball  because  I'm tall and very fast with the ball.
Finally I would like to know what kind of clothes  we are  supposed to wear there, and about the money we are supposed  to bring  to pay for food and things like that.
I'm looking forward to receiving your prompt  reply .
sincerely
Clara
Dear Kim,
I am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you.
First of all, I'm going to tell the good news. Last month, I went to a pop concert with four bands  playing . It was  unbelievable !!!
Although  there   were   5,000  thousand people there, people could walk and dance without any problem. It was very well organised .  The   show  started    exactly  on  time and the group     performed well  too. I  contributed  to the concert  by  selling some tickets to my friends.
However  great  the success of the concert, at the end of  the  show some  full gays  started a big  confusion  and some people  got  hurt. It was depressing...
Finally, I would like to know some news about you .  What have you done?  Are  you  studying  a lot?
Please write me a letter as soon as possible!
Love from
Clara.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I have just received your letter and I'm writing back to tell you how     happy it made me  to win this prize and to give you the answers to your questions.
I would like to travel in July because I can only see my family during the month of August. Concerning the  accommodation , I prefer to  stay  in log cabins ,  finding them much more comfortable than tents!
Finally, I decided to choose singing and basketball because my friends say I'm good at both. Singing has always been a hobby and  is  an important part in my life. Singing relaxes me when I am stressed before exams or competitions.
Basketball is simply my favourite sport. It makes me feel very free and makes me forget all my daily problems. I actually have won a basketball prize when I was young...!
 To  finish off, I would like to ask you how much money is needed for my personal shopping  expenses  and what kind of clothes I should take.
I hope I haven't been too "demanding".
Yours sincerely,
Marthe Ouellet
Making a short video about  everyday  life is an enjoyable but difficult thing to do.
We  should  concentrate on  students'   imaginations ,  creativity  and  talents .  To  do that, it is more interesting to go to art, music and drama classes.  Effectively , in these classes, students express themselves more than in other classes.
However, it is important to observe  students'   attention  and therefore we should film them during an exam (but only for a short period of time) . 
A school teaches you how to be polite and respectful. The cafeteria is an interesting place to go because one can see if students respect food and if they remain polite towards each other. It is important to remember that  close-ups  should be taken  (for*/of)  each subject.
Students walking and talking in corridors should be filmed so that we also show how students relax between two lessons.
I think  this   is  the best  advice  I can give and hope that  you   understand  the main idea ,  which is to concentrate more on  students'  attitudes than on lessons.
Mrs Ryan,
It  was  a real joy to receive your  letter  and I still can't believe it. In answer to your letter, you will find below the  information  you need.
I start my first job on August 1st, that's why I must travel  (on*/in)  July. I can't change    the date  I start work  because I signed the contract a month ago .  I hope  that  will not  cause you problems .
 Regarding   accommodation , I would prefer to have a log cabin .  It  would be better to  leave  money or anything  in  without  worrying about  theft. I've always dreamed about climbing but I  have never had  the opportunity to  try  this sport. When I saw  that  you  offer  this sport, I was really excited. So I choose climbing as a beginner. For the second activity, I will choose sailing. I've  been  sailing for more than ten years and I really enjoy it. Moreover I  have been   a  sailing teacher  on summers the past few years .
Does Camp California provide all  the  clothes for sailing? Do I need to bring  any  money from  home ? Or can I  withdraw  some at Camp California?
Thank you very much.
G Morin
Life at school is made of several things.  First , lessons are the most important part of what school wants to provide us  with . But there are also a  lot  of clubs and activities that  form part   (in*/of)  the daily life of pupils. That's why they both have to be taken  (in*/into)  account in the video we will make.
The most interesting lessons for pupils are lessons in which  they  can do something real, concrete.  For example , the  engineering or physics lessons  are very interesting ,  especially the practical work. It would be great if we  showed   these  in our film .  It  might  also be  very interesting to watch it.
 As for  other activities, we could probably show  one of our sports teams training . For example ,  the  basketball team  which has won the student regional  title  (we can also say  that ) or the  football team . After all, it is not important  which  one we will show ,  but I think we must  create  a good picture of the school  through  sport.
. I would like to travel only  in  July because I would be  (in*/on)   school   holidays   then  and the weather is hot and the sea's temperature is less cold than in winter. I would like to travel in July to be sure it would not rain during the trip ,  which  would be   annoying ?! And when the sun is shining you are  relaxed  and you feel good.
. I would prefer  a   tent  to sleep  in  at Camp California because it is fun to sleep in tents  and  to compare  it   to sleeping  in a house. You are in communication with    nature and you can hear the insects. And we only need to sleep and not to cook or watch T.V... It is very nice to stay in tents  which  are strong and  comfortable .
. From the list below, the two activities I will choose are  tennis  and sailing. Tennis because I play  tennis  and I am classed 15-5. I like  tennis very much  because it is  a technical  and physical sport. And you need  a   strategy  to win the match. It is nice to play tennis outside  (in*/on)  the court when the weather is hot. But you can't play if there is too much wind,  because  the ball becomes  uncontrollable !
<NS type="M"></NS> Windsurfing because I  have done  it for a long time. You can do it alone. I like windsurfing because it is a sport of speed and  slide  like skiing  and  surfing.  You  need  techniques  to  control  the  surfboard . You must know how to use the wind and  you have great sensations !
I would like to ask you questions:  must  I take   my clothes with me  ?
Is there a washing machine at Camp California?
Do I need some money to pay  for  the meals!
 You  have recently had a class discussion about shopping. Now your  English  teacher has asked you to write a composition   giving your opinions on  the statement : "shopping is not always enjoyable"
In fact, shopping is not always enjoyable because sometimes you want to buy  things  but you don't have enough money!
You don't find anything interesting in the shop.
You can hesitate  before   choosing  an  item . Which is the best  thing  to  get ? The  shop assistant  can be not very nice and watch you all the time. You don't find  the item in your size or the right colour . The  item  can be too expensive.
It looks  fragile  and it could break easily.
 You  must  try  several shops and compare the price  and  the quality of the  items . So you must walk all    day or go by car. And the weather must be fine if you walk in    town.
Shopping is not always enjoyable if there  are  a lot of people in the shops because you can't move  or   find  the  article  and  stay  cool!
 Dear  Miss Helen Ryan,
I  have   received  your letter concerning two weeks at Camp California in the USA. So I will answer  your questions .
I would like to travel only  in  July because I think   it's the best month for  me to  enjoy my holidays.
 Regarding  my accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin because it's more  comfortable  than a tent and less hot  with the sun .  However , I hope, there  is  water and light inside this log  cabin .
 (Between*/From)  your different activities, I  would  like to  practise :
1. Surfing because I never do it and I  would  like to learn   .
2. Photography because  (during*/in)  my  free time  I  take  some pictures  (about*/of)   people ,  countryside , -- - So, I    want to have more experience and a better technique to
 to be more successful .
 Nowthere,  I would like  to know  if it's possible to change my activities during my  stay . Can I change some  money   (in*/at)  the  camp  or near it? Is it possible to come with another person? And  are   there  different prices for the same  holiday ?
Thank you for  answering  my different questions.
 Yours sincerely, 
 Shopping  is great when you have lots of  money     and   time ; you can buy clothes, shoes, make-up;  CDs , whatever. But   it's not easy for workers, because the shops close their doors about 5.30 pm (half past five). When you work in  an  office, a  factory , a  company , you have the same  hours as  them. So you  can only  go       shopping during your lunch break. If not, you can go  on  Saturdays but  it's   hard ,  because  there are too  many   customers . You can't walk,  or  try clothes  on ,  and  it's very hot. The  saleswomen  are too busy and haven't a moment  to give you advice .
In England,  there aren't paper for make a present . It's different  (than*/to)  the other European countries.
Sometimes the  saleswomen  aren't  friendly , because they  are      stressed  or they  aren't the sale feeling .
Finally I think   it will be better if the shops stay open until 7.30 pm (half past seven). It will  provide  a good service for their  customers  and  be   cooler  for them.
Dear Helen:
I've  received  your letter and I am pleased to have won because I needed some days to relax    and to leave the city, which is very  stressful .
I  can travel in July only  because I am working in an office and I must ask my boss for a holiday and it's the  month  he can give me  one , so I hope  that  isn't a problem for you.
 I would prefer to spend the two weeks     in  a   tent , that's ,  in my opinion ,  a way to be nearer the  environment  and the animals, although I don't mind  staying  in log cabins.
In spite of liking all the sports you wrote  about  in your letter ,  I am only good at climbing and sailing, because I  used to   do  them with my father  when  I was a child.
I have got a doubt, it is not very important, but I would like to know if I need any money or  if   everything  is  paid   for , the kind of clothes I should wear, if the weather is good or bad... and all the extra information you can send me.
Thank you very much for the prize.
Yours faithfully.
Eliza Vasquez.
Why  do  people  like to go shopping so much ?
In my opinion the majority of    people  who  go shopping are women who must buy food and other  kinds  of things for  their   families , so ,  for them, shopping is a very boring activity that is repeated  every day  and that  drives  them crazy when they have to choose the best product and the cheapest price to save some money.
 On the other hand , there are people who think the opposite ,  such as: children, teenagers, men; but not always, because they  hardly ever go shopping   -   only when they need clothes ,  or something for their job or school. In that way shopping can be as  much   fun  as you want, although if you do it very often, it will  be as an obligation in the future .
To sum up,  everything  you  do  in small  quantities  is good and  fun , but don't  increase   the amount you do  if you don't want to feel uncomfortable.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to you to thank you    for the  prize  you're giving me. This is the first time  (of*/in)  my life that I won anything like that. When I  received  your  letter , I could not  believe  it.
I am glad to  reply to  your  letter .  Unfortunately , I will  only be able to go  in July because the restaurant where I am working will be closed for  that   month .
 On my  last holiday in  a   tent  I had  a  very bad experience, the  mosquitoes  nearly killed me. I would prefer  a   log cabin .
With reference to the activities, I have never been climbing. I would like to try this sport. I am a lover of  danger  sports. I am  a  really good singer. I  enjoy karaoke a lot .
I am in  doubt   as to   what  kind of clothes I have to bring with me. And  may I  also ask you   how much money I have to take with me.
Please ,  if you could help me with this I  would  be very glad.
Thank you one more time for everything.
 Yours  sincerely
Hi Kim,
You cannot imagine what I've been up to. I had the best  experience  in my  life .
 I've to relax    to  this to you  very well. 
The company I work  for    works for Los Svaves . It's  a very famous  group  from my country. Can you guess  who  they  chose  for the  job , "me", yes ,  me, I couldn't  believe  it.  At the moment just  I went just to one concert.
My job  basically   was to  ,   before and after the actuation , make everything ready.  I got  used to  doing  it very  quickly .
To be  honest  the most  exciting  part of all this was  getting  to know the group. The singer is  a  very nice  guy , as  are  the rest of the group.
If this  happens   again  I'll write  to  you to tell you more.
Your friend
Dear Ms Ryan
I'm very much surprised to receive your letter announcing the  winner of the  first prize in your competition and I'm looking forward to  spending     two weeks at Camp California.
 Because  I'm studying at the moment and I won't have my holidays till July , that  is the month that best suits me. The second week of July would be perfect to start my trip.
I would rather sleep in a log cabin. I  think  it will be much more comfortable than a tent.
The leisure activities sound fantastic ,  especially climbing and photography. I'm very keen on climbing.  I joined  a climbing  club  in my town  for  2 years  ago  and  have  reached the top of several middle-high mountains. The other activity I would like to try is photography. I have no previous experience  (on*/of)  it but I  want      to learn  a lot.
However, there are some questions that I want to ask you   . Do I need  a  passport to travel? What kind of clothes would be appropriate, winter or summer? Are there any  food service  at the camp?
I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours sincerely
This is a report to plan and suggest ideas for the  daily-life  video at school. The activities suggested are  written  below.
The opening  of the school  ,  recording the students while they meet outside the school and come in ,  could be a good  beginning . It would reflect the atmosphere when they meet early in the morning.
Filming lessons such as grammar lessons and  speaking either theory lessons or practice  would give a general idea about a day at school and how students work on their lessons.
Why don't  we  include some sports, for example,  volleyball ? The team has been training very hard during  the  last weeks. And they'll certainly feel very proud of being  (at*/in)  the video.
The  music  lessons and the singing club in the afternoon are very popular among    students  (of*/from)  all courses. Practically the whole school would appear on the video.
I think that if we mix lessons with  sports  activities the combination will give us complete success.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am very happy to know that I have won the first prize in  your  competition. I am writing in order to give you all the details that you need from me.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because I think California is better in Summer. Regarding accommodation, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because cabins seem to be more comfortable than tents. According to your letter, I will be able to take part in two activities at the Camp. Let me tell you that I would like to sing and play tennis. As a matter of fact, I am very good at both of them.
Finally, I would like you to tell me if I will need some special clothes. If the answer is yes, could you tell me  what  kind of clothes I will need. One other thing, it would be useful to know if I will need to take with me some extra money. If the answer is yes, could you tell me how much money I will need to take with me.
I look forward to receiving  your  reply.
Yours sincerely,
DENIS JIMENEZ
Introduction
This report is to suggest which lessons and activities should be filmed in order to make the video about daily life at school.
Lessons and Activities suggested
Lessons attended in the language laboratory.
Special lessons attended in the library.
Students using the computer and video room
Activities connected with the social programme ,  such as international evenings,  sing-along  parties and indoor games.
Ordinary lessons attended by students  (from*/of)  different levels  of ability .
By filming...
Lessons and activities which take place in the language laboratory, in the library and in the computer and video room, we can also show the school's facilities and how students take advantage of them.
Ordinary lessons    are  a good way of showing the relationship between students and teachers.
Activities connected with the social programme, we can show how students make the most of their time at school when they are not attending their ordinary lessons or using the facilities.
Conclusion
I would recommend the lessons and activities mentioned above in order to make the video in question.
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I am writing to you in reply to your letter about my  winning  the first prize in your competition.
First of all, I would like to thank the jury for  choosing  my work from all the competitors.
Next, I would like to find out some details about the camp. I need to know if my travel will take place in August. If I had known that I  would win , I would not have arranged my  English  course in Britain.  Before.  The next point is the accommodation. You mentioned that it will be in tents or log cabins. I would prefer staying in tents. I am very close to    nature, so it will be a pleasure for me.
What's more, your letter said about the chance to do    two  activities  during the camp. I am very interested in tennis, but I am also very good at photography. It has been my hobby since I was a child. I have even won  a   competition  once. That is why I would like to continue doing this at the camp.
Finally, I would like to ask about other things like: clothes, money, guide. I would like to know if the ,,travel costs'' which you had paid    include entrance tickets to the  museums  or any other cultural places, because I would like to  do  some sightseeing in the U.S.A. Furthermore, if there will be  cmy   tumble  dryer or washing  machine  to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp.
I am looking forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely
A. Adamski.
Generally, most people like shopping, but there are some advantages and disadvantages.
When  describing  the advantages, we should remember that most people like doing shopping. It is very pleasant when you are looking for something special or for special occasions like wedding, birthday,  or  Christmas presents. Next, it can be very good for your wallet to save some money, when you    find a bargain or sales. As well as that, some  shop assistants  can give you a lower price, because you always do shopping at their shop. What is more, most people cannot live without shopping. It is their way to spend free time.
On the other hand, there are some minuses.  Above all , shopping is very tiring and exhausting. Walking from shop to shop carrying heavy bags, takes much of your time. Instead of that you could do more interesting things ,  such as playing sports or reading a book. Besides that, shopping  steal you from money . Very often people go to a shop - usually a big  department  store and buy things which they do not need.
In my opinion shopping is very tiring and I usually try to avoid doing it. When I have to, I do it, but I think we waste too much time on it   . On balance some people still like shopping even if it is not always enjoyable and they have to stand in a long queue to buy something. From my point of view it  depends  on us  whether  shopping will be enjoyable or not.
13th june 2000
Dear Ms Ryam,
I was very happy to receive your letter since I was eager to spend some time in the USA.
I would like to reach the camp in  July , and spend there the last two weeks of the month because in August I must start studying for my examinations.
As to  accommodation  I would like to choose a tent because I am used to travelling with my sleeping bag and my tent all over Europe.
As far as activities are concerned I would prefer  basketball and climbing . I am very good at basketball, and even if I am not a tall boy, I am a good  player  and I play in a local team. As to climbing I am  quite  inexperienced but I would like to improve.
I would like to ask you  about  some other things.  What  kind of clothes  should  I  put  in my case? I would like to know, for instance, whether the evenings there are cold or hot. Please let me know if    Camp California accepts credit cards
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely
Fabienne Mull
13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
I was very happy to receive your last letter. As you know I had a great time helping at a  pop   concert .
I was at the concert when I met a friend of mine whose job is to organise shows like that. He told me  he  needed a boy who could help on stage. As you  know  ,  I can do a little of everything so I accepted. I connected wires, I  carried  loudspeakers, and so on.
When the show started I was on the stage close to  two  famous singers, Bono Vox and David Bowie. Towards the end of the concert I  handed  a bottle of wine to Poolo Conte.
I couldn't believe    it! Poolo Conte asked me to drink with Him. As you know  he's  my  favourite  singer. We started talking about music and I asked  him  many things about  his   lyrics , which are beautiful but sometimes difficult to understand.  I don't think I will ever forget that evening .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
With my best wishes
Fabienne
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I received your letter last week and was surprised to see that I  had won  a competition. It is the first time it  has happened  to me.
Unfortunately I'm free only in July.    I will be busy working abroad until the end of June and will be on  holiday  with my family in August.
You asked me which  accommodation  I would prefer. It's ages since I  have slept  in a tent and I would be happy to  experience  it again. It will remind me  of  some wonderful experiences.
 Regarding  the activities, I would like to do some painting, which I am quite good at. The second activity I chose is sailing. I  have been   on a sailing ship two times  without doing anything, therefore  I have  got no experience at all.
May I ask you ,  how much money do I need and  what  sort of clothes do you advise me to take?
I look forward to your answer and to the camp, naturally.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
Thank you very much for your last letter. As you asked me in your letter, I will try to explain my wonderful experience at  the  pop concert.
First of all ,  you have to know that it wasn't  an   ordinary  pop concert, but a real  open-air  festival.  This  isn't the first year that I  have worked  there. However ,  this year wasn't like last year.
My job was  simply  selling ice-creams. You might say that it  was  quite boring, but it was  such   fun . Everybody was so relaxed; we were singing and dancing while selling ice-creams in our little van. Byran Adams himself bought me an ice-cream.
It was  an  amazing experience. What I particularly liked about it was that the staff was like a big family. Everybody was ready to help each other. I was really impressed by this solidarity and friendship which is quite rare in Switzerland.
I look forward to hearing from you and wish you all the best.
Love from
Dear Helen:
I have just received your letter, and I am very happy about this. Thanks very much!
I think I would like to travel only  (on*/in)  July because  I'll have just finished  my course at that time, and I can have a short  holiday   in these days . It will be very nice for me.
Accommodation at Camp California is in tents or log cabins .  I think I  like  both of them, because I've never been there before, and never heard of these two  places . I am very interested in both  places  but, I can just choose one  place  .  I think I will choose log cabins ;   they   sound  good and if I have time, maybe I can  stay in  tents next time (maybe next year ). 
When I am at Camp, I will choose singing and photography .  I can sing  classical  music and pop music,  seem  like rock &amp; roll. Maybe TITANIC. My mum  likes  me singing this song. And I can also  take  very good  photographs , because I learned  to do  this in China two years ago.
Another thing is I would like to ask you some questions about  the   stay  .  What's the weather like? What kind of clothes shall I take?  And  how much does it cost per night  to stay  in a Hotel? Thanks for your help.
Yours
Shopping is not always enjoyable
A lot of people enjoy shopping very much . Me  too. But sometimes shopping is not very enjoyable.
Firstly, I am a student .  I don't have  a  job, so, I have to  ask   for  money from my parents. I can't  ask   for  too much . That's  very bad for my parents. When I go shopping ,  I  always  feel  ashamed  because I spend my  parents'  money. ( Although  I  have got   a  part-time job, it  provides  just enough to pay my rent.)
Secondly, if you live in a big city,    things  are  always expensive. You    spend more money on buying clothes and food,  you think  you will  be  very happy when you  shop    , but   when you come back home  and  take out  your  purse, you  will  be    sad . Your  purse  is  nearly empty   (when you don't have enough money ). 
Sometimes, when you  shop   on the street , you will see a lot of things that you like, and you can't buy  them   once ,  then   maybe you will feel very sad .  And then, you may save money for the things you like, nothing to do, just for the poor things what you like so  funny ,  isn't it?
Another thing is when you  shop   (in*/on)  a busy street,    like  Oxford St  in London ,  a lot of  thieves   are  there . They  will steal  your  money . That's  so dangerous.
So, in my opinion shopping is not really enjoyable all the time for me.  This  will stop when I get a good job. Maybe I will feel better and enjoy it.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am writing to  reply  to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in  your   competition , which is two weeks <NS type="M"></NS> .  I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win.
First of all I would like to tell you that I will be able to travel only in July because in the other months I will be too busy with my work. In the second place I add that I would prefer  to stay  in a tent, even though it is not very comfortable, because I want to put myself to the test by living in     conditions  I am not used to.
Besides this, in  connection  with the activities we will have the chance to do, I would like to inform you that I choose swimming and tennis because I am quite good at both, especially at tennis.
In addition to this I would like to ask you  what  kind of clothes and how much money    is necessary to have, since I am undecided about it ,  not knowing the cost of  living  in California.
I look forward to hearing from you soon,
Yours  sincerely ,
Marino Rizzo
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities  (of*/in)  our daily life at school  should  be filmed to give the other students  an  idea of what we usually do ,  not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time.
Most of the students agree in saying that  there are  two    main features  (of*/in)  our daily life at school which should be filmed: it would be very funny to  concentrate  on us working and speaking together ,  without the help of the teacher ,   to show our efforts and sometimes successful and sometimes ridiculous  and also to film some amusing moments we  spend  waiting for the teacher.
A  small  percentage, on the contrary, said it would be very useful to film the teacher when she is  something important to us , to give  an  idea of    real life in our classroom.  which is the most .
Dear Ms Helen Ryan,
I have just received a letter from you and I am really happy to hear the news that I have won first prize in the competition. I would like to tell you something about what you asked me in the letter.
Firstly, I can  only travel  in July because I have no time except  in  July as I am a postgraduate student. I would very much like to stay in a log cabin. I think it is a wonderful idea to stay in a tent only for  a  few days but not over 3 days. It will be more comfortable to stay in a log cabin.
Regarding    two activities ,  I will choose swimming and photography. I am not good at swimming but I would very much like to learn how to swim this year. On the other hand, I am very good at photography as I was a photographer in a club while I was in    college.
Lastly I would particularly like to know about clothes and money. Isn't it cold at night in the Camp California? I like ice  cream , sweets and  beverages  very much ,  especially in the summer. Are these expensive? Could you please tell me about these? I am looking forward to your reply.
Yours sincerely,
Shin Parade
Do you think shopping is always enjoyable? Well, it might be true but I think it depends on the situation.
When you  go  shopping, you can see various products  and  even very extraordinary  things . You can also see more graceful and fine  things . You usually visit many shops and compare the quality and the price and select the best one which suits    you.
On the other hand, it usually  takes   a lot of  time to get  exactly what you  want , because  you have to visit many shops and see many  things . If  the  shopping mall is not  collected , it is physically hard to get what you want. It's not easy to shop with someone who  is  not interested in shopping.
In conclusion, shopping is not always enjoyable as many people think. It depends on the situation. It even  varies   depending on   the  people whom you shop with.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am very happy to have won first prize in your competition. I am very interested in  spending     two weeks at Camp California in the USA. I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July, because it is the summer and the weather is sunny, moreover I am totally free during this month.
 Regarding  the accommodation, I would prefer a log cabin, because I  cannot  sleep in  a  tent.
I like to do sports and I would like to do sailing and surfing for  speed sensations . I am good  (in*/at)  those two activities, because I go to the sea every weekend.
I would like to  have  more information about clothes. I think that  the  weather is very hot and that the nights are not cold, but I do not know if I must take  a  lot of pullovers.
Best regards
Henri
"Shopping is not always enjoyable" is a statement  made   (of*/by)  men in general. Women like to go    shopping, but not alone and they want to motivate their husbands. Men do not like shopping, because their women buy a lot of clothes and it is very expensive. Moreover, men prefer to do sports, because    shopping  wastes  a lot of time ,    which is    contrary  to  the tastes of  women , because if they have  any  free time, they will go    shopping.
I think that  a  child does not like shopping because he often  has to wait , and I prefer to play with  friends like these .  They   go     shopping only if  they   haven't any clothes .
To conclude, I think that "Shopping is not always enjoyable" is a true statement, but not always for all people.
Dear Sir/Madam , 
Firstly, I would like to say that I am  surprised  to  receive   a  letter from you. I read the information    you gave to me . It  is very interesting. It is very good  due .
 Regarding  Camp California in the U.S.A. ,  I expect to  travel   (on*/in)  July because I will have a long  holiday   (on*/at)  that time and my children have to go to France with    school  (on*/in)  July as well. I think   it will be  a  very good time to  travel     without worries.
 What     about    accommodation ?  I prefer to  stay  in tents because I feel very natural. Can you imagine how  exciting   it is  when we  are  in the dark and very  quiet  and we can hear  the  sound of  the   animals .  How amazing is  that?
When I  arrive  there, I would  like  to  do  painting and take a photography  course  because both of  these   are  my  hobbies . I have been doing a lot of them when I have  had   some  free time and when I feel  impressed   with  where I have been. I think I can do  these things  very well.
 Finally  I would like to ask you about  I have to spent any money over there without my shopping  and how  the weather is  over there  (on*/in)  July because I will  pack  the  clothes as  useful  .
By the way I have to say thank you very much for everything that you  are   offering  me and I look forward  to     further information from you.
 yours  sincerely
ZITA ZALAI
Dear Kim,
How are you? It  has been   a  very long time  since  I  wrote   a  letter to you. I hope   you will feel better when you  have finished  my letter.
Today I  am  going to write about the experience of helping at a pop concert    I went  (from*/to)  last month . I   have  got a lot of  things  to talk about.
Firstly  it is  about the hall which they used for  the  concert. It  was   a  very big hall ,   including   a  sound system and  the light at the  steat  . It was  brilliant .
Secondly  it is  the  superstars   that  came to  perform  at  the  concert. They  were  very cool.
By the way ,  I  did   a lot of   things   (in*/at)  that concert. I had to  connect with  people who  were  responsible  (about*/for)  <NS type="M"></NS> ticket. They had to check when people came in the hall and I was    checking the tickets as well. You know, you have to  very strongly  when you have to do that because when people came in they couldn't  wait  to  get   (at*/to)   the   front  and they    try to go  (over*/through)  very quickly. So you have to  explain      a lot of   times  to make people  calm  down and  stand  in  a  row. It was very hard for me and I won't do it again.
 In the     if you want to go there.
miss you,
Dear Helen,
 Thank  you very much for your recent letter. I  cannot  believe that I won the first prize ( it's  great!) and ,  of course, I am very happy.
As  for  your questions, I am free to travel only  (on*/in)  July because I will  have  my holiday after  finishing  the exams. And, I have to  return  to my university by August.
I prefer to stay in  a  log cabin rather than in  a  tent because I am not used to    narrow  spaces  and feel more comfortable with a place like  a  bedroom.
Furthermore, I prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and  my   fascination   (in*/for)  art and  enjoy   taking      photographs  of wildlife.
Finally, please could you give me an idea what sort of clothes to bring?  And  how much  will      I  spend there ?  Also, please  advise   me   regarding  any  things it is necessary  to prepare and bring.
I  look  forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Sorry    I haven't written to you for such a long time, but I've got a good  excuse !
Last month, I  was partly in the concert teams . It was a big one    and I couldn't  have imagined  how amazing  it was .
I didn't know what  was  my  responsibility  until they called me to  be  trained. What a  surprise !  And   unbelievably , I was responsible for looking after the pop stars. You might understand how excited I was. But,  I got   through  it. I  had  to  take  care of them during  the  break,  serving      drinks , <NS type="M"></NS> clothes,  I  even brought them some  cigarettes  and anything they  wanted . I think they are so  hospitable  and warm with people around them. You know ,  because of  this      all my opinions about the self-important behaviour of superstars have changed .
 What I  most appreciated was  that   they gave  me their  latest  CD with  their   signatures . Marvellous thing!  And  of  course  ,  as you have seen ,     I've given one to you.
I hope you're well and enjoyed  the  CD and don't forget to write back all about your news  from  during  your  summer holiday job.
Love,
Dear Ms Helen Ryan,
Thank you for the letter. It sounds great. I can't believe it but I'm really pleased to hear that I won first prize.
Firstly ,  I can travel only in July because I'm studying at college until the end of June and in August I'm travelling  to  Greece for one  month .
Secondly ,  I would like to stay in log cabins because it would be more spacious and comfortable than tents.
I'll tell you  the  two activities I chose. I would like to play tennis and swim.  I belong  to a tennis club and it is  my     favourite  sport . I sometimes have a match with friends. I go swimming once a week. I like swimming because I can relax in water.
Lastly, could I ask you something?  What  is the weather like in California? Do I need clothes with long sleeves? How much money should I bring? Can I change money  (for*/into)  US dollars there?
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
'Shopping is not always enjoyable.'
Is it true or not?
Generally ,  women like shopping. They like looking for fashionable clothes, bags, shoes and so on. In the bargain season, all shops are full of people who  are  keen on finding  stuff  which  is  good value for money. You can see battles between two people who want the same thing sometimes. The most interesting thing is that many men are waiting for their wives or girlfriends outside the shop during shopping. They don't fancy going into the  crowded  shop. It is very boring and tiring to be kept waiting.
For the women, too. If they can't find things which they expected, they go there    only to get tired.
Shopping is enjoyable when you find exactly what you want in a calm shop but not always.
Dear Mrs H. Ryan
I am writing with reference to your letter and I would like to give  you  some information which I have been asked  for .
Because my course finishes at the end of June and I am going to work for a  hotel  in August and September, I would like to travel in July.  That  is the best time for me.
As far as accommodation is  concerned , I would like to say that I prefer to stay in tents. I like staying in tents because when we go on holiday with my friends, we always stay in tents, so I am used to staying in tents.
Moreover, I have also been asked to choose some activities. I would like to choose basketball and swimming. When I was at school, I  played  for the school team and I am good at swimming.
Finally, could you let me know what sort of clothes would be  best  to bring. It would also be useful to know    how much money    to bring.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
To: Mr. J. Y
Head Teacher
From:
Re: Short Video About Daily Life at I.S.O. School.
FINDINGS
I have  discussed this subject with my friends and schoolteachers . Here  is  some information about daily life at I.S.O.
Morning Lessons: Although there are a lot of classes, there is  a  special FCE class in which students are being prepared for  the  FCE exam. There are special methods and materials for students.
Afternoon Lessons: The aim of the afternoon lessons is to  be able to give ability in speaking . There are some discussion groups, so students may have  a  discussion on any subject.
Break Time: We have a lot of facilities for break time.  These are computer, video, and sports .
 RECOMMENDATIONS 
In my opinion we should choose break time activities. Because there are a lot of activities which students take part in , it  would be much better for video   .
Dear Helen Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter. I'm very  surprised    to  win  this prize. About the information, I  would  like to travel  (on*/in)  July because it's only the month  when  I have  a  vacation. It's very difficult to change it. About the accommodation at Camp California ,  I  would  prefer tents because I like the  countryside  and I like to listen  to  the birds. At the camp I  would  like to  play  tennis and golf. My level in  these  two activities is medium .  I never  practise  them  both . I would like to ask you some  questions .
How  much  money  should we take ?  Or   isn't it  necessary?
What  kind  of clothes  met it ?
 In the first prize you  include  a second person like my husband? 
 Is it  necessary  to wear special clothes for the activities ?
Thank you  again  for this first prize  of  two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I'm very happy.
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable. Last weekend I went to Barcelona with some friends to shop. When we arrived  (to*/at)  the shopping  centre , I saw a lot of people. I don't understand why  there   were  a lot of people. My friends and I   went to a  clothes  shop  -  "Mango"  -  to buy some clothes. Nobody  (at*/in)  the shop came with us to help. There  were  four  guys , in this shop. We asked them if  one  of them  could  help us. Finally, a  very friendly girl  came with us. We bought some trousers, tee-shirts, and one pair of shoes. My friends bought some things like    red trousers and white tee-shirts. After this, we returned to Andorra. But  it's not always  the same  story  because I like shopping and I think I'm   enjoyable  .  The people in the shops are not unfriendly all the time .
Dear Sir,
I was very happy when your letter arrived, yesterday. This trip will be very important for me . That  is why I am interested in travelling to  the  U.S.A as soon as possible.
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because I will be on  my  winter holidays, so I will not miss classes at school. I would really prefer to stay in  a   tent  because I love sleeping outdoors and listening  to   the  noises from outside.
I am going to tell you two activities that I would like to do while I will be at the Camp. Firstly I would be happy if you let me play tennis, because I have played it for four years and I do it well, and secondly I believe that singing could be interesting because I really like it and I have a beautiful voice.
I was wondering  about  the kind of clothes that I will have to wear and finally could you tell me how much money I will have to take?
I look  forward  to receiving more news.
Yours Faithfully,
Rosario de los Peines (Mrs).
Dear Kim,
Hello! How are you? I'm writing because I know that you're interested in  hearing   about  my experience  when  I enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . Perhaps  in the future you'll be able to help too.
If you want to help at a pop concert you'll have to write  about  yourself in a competition as I did, then, if you win the organiser will phone you and you'll be able to help them.
At the concert I had to  clear  and  organize  all the people who were  there , but at the end of the night I was able to talk with one of my favourite pop  singers . I think that    was the experience I    liked most and which I will never forget.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Love,
Dear Mrs. Ryan
Thank you for your  informative  letter and your congratulations. I was  really  delighted to hear about my success in your competition and me winning the prize. I'm  really  looking forward to it as I've never been  (in*/to)  the U.S.A. before.
Unfortunately, the only month I can travel is July because I'm doing my final exams at university in June and then starting a job in August. Any two weeks during July will suit me perfectly. The best  time  would be from 17th July till 30th July. As for accommodation at Camp California, I prefer  a  tent. I'm used to  sleeping  in  a  tent from my previous holidays and I always  enjoyed  it. I'd just like to know if the tents at the camp are  based on sharing  and how many people  are  there in one tent.
I really appreciate the choice of activities at the camp. It was hard to choose only two. I've chosen tennis and sailing. I've played tennis since I was eight years old and I'm very good at it. I'm also good at swimming and surfing but I'd like to try sailing. I  have always been  attracted to it but never had an opportunity  to try . Is it possible to start to learn it at Camp California?
I'd also like to know how far  it is  to the nearest village and how much cash    I need for  a   two-week  stay at the camp? Do I need to bring with me some special gear or equipment?
I'm looking forward to  hearing  from you again.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
In my last letter I promised to write  to  you about my experience working at  a  pop-concert. The job came unexpectedly as my friend, who was supposed to work there, broke her leg just two days before the event. So she asked me to fill her position. Even  though  I had planned something else to do I agreed because she's my very good friend.
The concert was due to start at 7 o'clock but we had to be there two hours before the beginning. First I was supposed to help at the refreshment spot for the fans but some 15 minutes before beginning I was told to go    backstage and help with the  refreshments  for the musicians, technicians and others who worked there. It was very hectic there as everyone was a bit nervous but I saw the main stars and even managed to talk to them.
When they started to play I was told to change my post again. This time I was helping the medical workers who had  their hands full  with  teenage girls who had fainted . First, it seemed to me odd because I didn't understand why they  fainted , but as the concert went on, the heat in the air was increasing and so was the number of the  unconscious . It wasn't funny anymore and I didn't know what to do first. I was really shocked by the  sight  of crying and shaking but  completely  happy girls sitting or lying on the floor.
However, I  managed  to listen  to  the music and I must admit that I liked it. I actually  enjoyed  it working there and I wouldn't hesitate to work there again. As I know you like this
Dear Mrs Ryan,
First of all ,  I would like to thank you for  doing such a good job organising  the competition which I  luckily  won .  I have been really very impressed.
Unfortunately I  received  your letter    two weeks late so I can travel only between the 5th and the 20th July. In fact I will finish my  university  exams only on the first  of  July and after the 20th  it  is impossible because I am going to do four  weeks'   voluntary   work  in India for UNICEF.
If it is possible I would prefer to stay in a  log cabin , because, in spite of my love for nature, I am terribly allergic to  pollen . So  a  stay in a  log cabin  will probably  save  me a lot of problems.
 Choosing  two activities from the list has been very difficult but I think I would like to do climbing,  a  sport in which I have many years of experience, and surfing ,   despite not really having any experience .
Unfortunately  I have never been to the US so I don't have any idea about  how much money I will probably need  or  about what kind of clothes I have to take with me.
Thank you very much for your  attention   on my behalf 
 Yours  sincerely
If you ask    twenty  women  what  their favourite hobbies are  probably    most of them will answer "shopping".
But why is shopping so popular and loved by so many people all over the world? Why  have so many people been   infected  by this " psychological  virus"?
The verb "have" is probably the most used and loved by the human species. We are always trying to have more things,  which   lead us to neglect   our  family,  our  future,  and  other things which are probably more important than a new  perfume .
 More and more  people, everywhere, are becoming  shopping addicts . Maybe you    think I am  exaggerating  but recent studies  prove  that this mania can be really dangerous.
 Certainly   only the fact of   having  something can  help  people to be more sure of  themselves . In fact if you have the new Kalvin Klein  product   (for*/to)  a certain kind of  person  you are cool, but  is it  really so important?
Probably when Oscar Wilde said: "Superficiality is the  supreme  vice" he was right. We still look at what people look like and not at what they really are.
Dear Ms. Ryan,
I am so glad. I have won first prize in your competition! It was a really big surprise for me. I will join The Camp California in the U.S.A. with pleasure.
I would like to travel there in July, because  I can only have holiday in July . In June and in August I will have to work, so it would be rather impossible for me to join Camp California then. I would like to have     accommodation  in  a  log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent. So if I could choose I would like to stay in a log cabin. Being at the Camp I would like to swim and to play tennis. I have  been swimming  for 10 years and I have played tennis since I was 9 years old and  I like those activities  best.
I  think  I am    best in horse riding; I even have my own horse, so if it is possible I would like to ride horses at Camp California.
I am looking forward  (for*/to)  hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Felicia Zajac
It was a bright,  sunny  day. I woke up early in the morning and I decided to go shopping.
Warsaw's ,, Clif'' is my favourite shopping centre so I went there. I saw a beautiful, long dress. I decided to try it on.
- What is your size - said  the  shop-assistant.
- 36 - I said.
- Och, I am very sorry, but we have run out of  size 36 .
I was going to the chemist to buy some eye-shadow, when I saw black, suede shoes. Those shoes must be mine! - I thought. I went in and I asked the shop assistant if I could try  them  on.
- Yes, of course- she replied- but what is your size?
- 38 - I said.
-  I am  very sorry but we do not have 38.
I was very angry. I had some money, I wanted to spend  it , but?! Everything did not suit me! It was enough! I came back home - tired and angry. Surely it was not the best day for shopping. I did not buy anything, although I tried.
So as we can see - shopping is not always  enjoyable .
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I am writing  in  reply to your letter   congratulating me  for  winning    the first prize in your competition and inviting me to    Camp California in the U.S.A. I was delighted to hear from you and am already looking forward to  spending  two weeks in California.
I am afraid that the only possible time for me to travel is in July because it is the only month I am able to get time off work.  Regarding   accommodation  I would prefer sleeping in a tent because I enjoy the closeness to    nature while camping a lot.
The two activities that I would like to do at the Camp are sailing, which I have never done before and tennis which I already play quite well.
I need to know how much money you would advise me to bring and what sort of clothes I should take with me.
I am looking forward to your reply at your earliest convenience and to  getting  to know you personally in July.
Yours  sincerely ,
Esther Meyer
Dear Kim,
 Thanks  a lot for your long letter! It was great to hear from you again after such a long time. You asked me    what  the pop concert was like which I told you I was going to go to in my last letter. Well, let me tell you, it was just awesome!
 It was my job    to help to keep all the little kids out of the backstage area. Therefore I got to stay backstage all the time and to see all the members of the "Backstreet Boys".
And, you won't believe it, I actually got to talk to Nick Carter!
Yes, that was the best thing about the concert but I actually just enjoyed the whole experience  of   being  part of the crew. I sort of felt   like I had done my part to make the concert a  success . Do you know   what I mean? Anyway, I've got to study now .  We've  got a maths exam tomorrow.
Hope to hear from you soon
Lots of love,
Esther
Dear Helen Ryan,
It would be a great  pleasure  to spend two weeks at Camp California and I can't find any suitable words to express my enthusiasm. First of all, as a reply  (for*/to)  your letter, I'd like to say, that I can only go on this camp in July because I have a full-time job and it is essential not to leave it for a long time. In July I can make an exception.  With regards   accommodation  I would prefer log cabins, as they are more comfortable and I like convenience. As  (to*/for)  the list of activities ,  I choose climbing and surfing. I like new challenges, even when I've never done them before, and I'm really looking forward to gaining this new kind of experience. If you don't mind I would like to ask you some vital questions. Do I have to take warm clothes? How much money would you recommend me to take?
I would appreciate  it  if you  sent  me a reply  (for*/to)  my Questions as soon as possible
Yours faithfully
Tadeusz Ochman
,,Shopping is not always enjoyable". From my point of view it is a very controversial issue, and we can't just easily claim whether it is enjoyable or not. It only depends on the person who is actually doing it and some convenient circumstances like a huge amount of money  (on*/in)  our bank account. Some people don't like doing shopping at all and they can well explain to everyone why it isn't enjoyable. Luckily, I'm one of these people. First of all, shopping is a waste of time. People just run from one shop to another and they just can't decide what to buy. During the rush hour, shopping is almost impossible due to big queues in every single shop in the nearby area. I just can't understand people who ,  with  a  smile on their faces ,  spend their last money on unnecessary but expensive things. They are ready to  sacrifice  all their savings to get something that will make their  neighbour   jealous .
So, as a  conclusion , I might say that shopping isn't enjoyable at all and I'd rather stay at home instead.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I have recently received your letter informing  me   that  I  have won  a  prize  of   a  two-week holiday  at    Camp California. Enclosing  the  information you asked for, there are some points   I want to point out.
First of all, I will not have finished my university course until the end of    June so I can only travel in July. I would prefer to stay in  a   tent   rather  than  a  log  cabin . Since I was a child, I have been  interested  in camping and sleeping  (under*/in)     tents.
If I can participate  (on*/in)  swimming and photography groups, I will be grateful. I have been swimming  for a club for 8 years  and  enjoy   it  a lot. I am afraid   I am not good at photography but I want to improve   .
I need some more information about    camp life and also I would like to know what I need to take with me. For  example , how much pocket money will be enough and  what  kind of clothes I should wear  .
I hope to receive your reply soon. I am really looking forward to going  to  this camp.
Yours sincerely
Subject:  Suggestions  about lessons and activities  which  should be filmed.
A - Lessons
English
It is one of the most popular  subjects  in the school. Also, because this video is their project, it should be filmed.
Drama
Seeing that this is the first year of    drama lessons, it is not very well known. Also they are  putting on  their first play on the 2nd of July. Part of the show  could  be filmed.
Maths
 Considering  that the school's maths team won    this year's  city  maths competition and is going  on  to the national  schools'  maths championship, it  would  be  a  good idea to film some of their training  courses  and also ordinary maths  lessons   which  the majority of the students attend.
B- Social Activities
To show    life at the school  we   need  not only lessons and exams, the video should  also   include  the annual summer  fete ,  the  school's weekend trip which is on Friday 7th of July ,  and also the dance which is organized on the last day of the school year.
Dear Helen Ryan : 
Thank you very much for your letter and for this competition.
First I would like to answer your questions. I am only available  (on*/in)  July . Is   that   okay  for you?  This is because    the only time I can take  a  holiday is July. I would prefer log cabins .  I think they are more comfortable and safer than tents.
 Regarding  the two activities ,  I choose swimming and painting. I choose swimming because I am very good at swimming and I like it very much. I took swimming  lessons  for four years. And the reason I choose painting is  it's  very exciting  (to*/for)  me .  I am not very good at this  subject  but I  will  improve my painting.
I would like to ask  whether  you have competitions or  different  activities .  Do you  recommend  me to take only summer clothes or some winter clothes as well? Is it  a  very expensive area? I mean would £700 be enough for me for one week?
Thank you very much for your interest . 
I look forward to hearing from you . 
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
It's been a long time  since I   wrote  to you .  I'm really sorry but I was very busy. I worked  until  midnight  every day .
Actually I don't work, you know .  I  have  been decorating a concert hall for a pop concert. It was very important for us because we really wanted people to enjoy it.
It was very enjoyable .  I  made  lots of friends .   We were  together all day, painting the walls, cleaning  and  putting  up  some  balloons  and other  stuff  everywhere. And at the time of  the  concert we wore    big funny  costumes , and danced with people. Everybody liked it very much .  Anyway we worked  for that .
 What I liked most  was meeting    the band. Guess what the name of the band is; Back Street Boys. Oh, my God ,  they're  such  nice, talkative, funny, people. But you know they're a bit spoilt.
I have to finish or I'll miss the last post.
Bye for now, write to me soon
love,
13 June 2000
Dear Ms. Ryan,
I am very pleased to be the  winner  in your competition. I almost could not believe it when I received the letter you  sent . I have never won a prize like this. Thank you  very much  indeed!
I am working as a Mechanical Engineer for a well-known car company and I would like to travel in July because this the only month I can use my annual leave.
During this exciting holiday I would prefer staying in a log cabin. The reason for this is that I have       difficulty    sleeping in tents.
When I was at the  university  I was very keen on  basketball  and I  played   (in*/for)   the   university  team. In 1998 we were the champion of the First National  League . Also I am  quite a  good swimmer. I think that is because of my long legs. So I would love to  take part in   basketball  and  swimming  activities while I am at the  camp .
There is something I need to ask you . 
I  don't  know exactly what  California's weather is   like . What kind of clothes  do  I need to bring with me? Also, what is the currency in California and how much money  do  I need to take with me?
I am looking forward to your reply!
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
 Nowadays  our shopping habits seem to  have  changed. I can clearly remember my childhood and our only local shop. Yes! There was only one shop in the area where I used to live until we moved to Oxford. I was really astonished by all these shopping  centres  ,  like ASDA, HOMEBASE,  etc .
One day I decided to go to the shopping  centre  which is only 40  metres  from our house. Firstly, I could not find the entrance. I'd walked  around   for  about 15 minutes until I found the door. I realized that I'd walked so many times in front of the entrance but the door had looked like a window. When I entered    the  shop  I was a bit angry.
I was holding a  piece  of paper which my mum gave to me.  All the things I had to buy were written on it . But no way!
I started looking for the food products  listed  on the  piece of paper  but I found only the eggs, milk and bread. Nothing else. So what was all that about?! I wasted 2 hours  buying  food which you can find in every local shop.
Later somebody told me that I had to look at the labels on the top.
Dear Ms. Ryan
I refer to your letter regarding the prize I have won in your competition.
I was really pleased to find out that I have an opportunity to spend two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
As requested in your letter please find below some additional information about me and my plans.
I would like to travel in June as I have already arranged  a part-time job for  later this summer.
I prefer to stay in a tent  so  I go  camping  every summer and am used to  sleeping  in tents.
From the list of activities, which was provided by you, I'd like to choose photography and swimming. I'm very good at swimming as I have been a member of  various  swimming clubs since I was 6 and I chose  photography  because I have a new camera and want somebody to teach me how to use it.
 Finally  I would like to ask you to let me know how much money &amp; what kind of clothes I have to take with me.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Report
Subject: Video about daily life at our school.
Introduction:  To support an idea to make  a short video about daily life at our school I have  spent  some time discussing it with other students,  and  observing and  analysing  an  average  day in our  school  and  have come  up with some suggestions.
Places to video: We should try to video not only  classrooms  but also our playground, cafe,  sports  hall, art club &amp; library. Most students spend a lot of their time in such places and they are  a  very important part of our school life.
Activities to video: We should show students during their formal studies as well as after lessons. I think it is a good idea to include a record of one of our big events such as  the   annual   sports   tournament  or  welcoming  evening for new students.
 Conclusion : To sum up the above I'd like to suggest not  filming  anything longer than 1 or 2  minutes  and  having  a nice mixture of places, faces and events.
If you have any further comments or questions regarding this  matter  please let me know.
King Regards
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I'm writing  to  you in response to your letter .  I was delighted to know that I won the first  prize .
With reference to the date, I  can only  go  (on*/in)  July, as I'm going off on holiday  (on*/in)  August, and I start university  (on*/in)  September. The place I'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin, where I'm sure I'd feel more  comfortable  than in a tent.
It's very nice of you to let me choose my favourite activities. The ones I'm most keen on are  tennis ,  (in*/at)  which I think I'm pretty good since I took some classes last year, and  painting , which is one of my favourite hobbies, and helps me to relax    and forget about problems. I think I'm not bad at painting either ;  at least everyone in my family likes my work,  including  myself.
Anyway, there are some questions I'd like to ask you:  what  kind of clothes would be the most suitable for California weather in summer, and how much money do you think I'll need?
I'm  looking  forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Manela B.
Dear Kim,
I'm so sorry I haven't written until now, but you know I'm always very busy.
As I told you in my last letter, last month I worked for a pop band, and helped them at a concert in Barcelona. It was such a great experience!
Basically my work was carrying the instruments, the speakers and the lights from the vans to the stage, which is not    easy work because, as you can imagine, it's not exactly light stuff.
But the most exciting part was meeting the band, mainly the singer and the drummer who are very nice and also good-looking.
Anyway, I had  a  lot of fun working for them. I hope they call me soon .  I'd be the happiest girl in the world if I could see them again...
I'd better  stop  now. I hope you write again soon.
Manela B.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thanks for your letter. I have  read  the letter and I was very surprised that I have won the first prize.
About the time when I  want  to travel  it can only be in  July, because in the summer  it is  very busy at work. People  whom  I  work  with    are going on holiday in  June  and August. So  they  need me at work in  those  months.
 Also  ,  the  accommodation  I  would  prefer at Camp California is the log cabin , because     first  when I was a little child we  stayed   in a small house every holiday  and I like that.  Second , I don't like tents and I  can't  get used to  them , so I prefer log cabins.
About the different activities ,  we like them all, but If I  have to choose  two I  opt for  sailing and tennis. In the summer I'm sailing  in  races almost every weekend and I have my own sailing clothes. I'm not very good  (in*/at)   tennis  but I can practise on my  trip .
Finally, I have one question about the money.  What  things  must I   pay  for on my  trip ?
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Thanks for your letter. How are you?  Everything is fine with me  and the pop concert was great.
I enjoyed helping at the  pop concert , but it's very stressful work. You always walk from side to side  moving  things and there's no break. Some other work  that  I  did  was to lead the people to  their  places. We  worked  the whole day and luckily at least we had some food.
The  best  things were that we saw famous singers and I spoke with Robbie Williams. He's friendly and very handsome  of  course. If you see the famous singers  in the flesh  they are different and    most singers     haven't any time for you .
Another thing I  did  was the  make-up   but  only for about fifteen minutes. That was very nice, because I didn't  expect  that. There were some people  who  gave me some  advice   about   cleaning  the face    etc.
Finally, it was a very nice day  and a  great experience.
 Love 
Dear Helen Ryan
In response to your letter that I received last Saturday I am  writing  to answer your questions.
I am very happy that I won this competition. I would like to travel as soon as possible because now I am on holiday. My holidays will finish  (in*/at)  the  beginning  of September and  it  will be good to travel during this  period . (August-September).
The accommodation I would prefer to stay in  is   a   tent  because I like adventures and also I will have more contact with    nature.
For the time that I will spend there I would like to  choose  more  than  two activities but I know  it  is not possible so I  choose  swimming and singing. I  usually  sing in my spare time and my friends love  it  when I sing and  regarding  swimming I was champion last year in my city. So, I am quite good.
I would like to ask you some questions like  what  kind of clothes  do  I have to  take  with  me ?  How much money will I need to take ?  Are tablets necessary  (for  headache , insects)? Can I go with a friend?
Thank you for your attention.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
yours sincerely
Introduction
This report is going to give us ideas about which lessons and other activities should be filmed  (in*/from)  our daily life at school.
Why  film  the school?
Firstly we should film our school to show how important it is for our  development . Secondly, parts of our life ,  like breaks, lunch time, spending time with friends ,  will be good to make the video interesting.
Suggesting places to film.
A good  place   to film  is our Geography class. The students in this class have lots of freedom to speak and we can travel around the world in one hour and fifteen minutes.  It is   wonderful  how     technology   makes  things so easy. Also we should film our sports class because with this we will show how important  it  is to be healthy nowadays.
Conclusion
To conclude we could film our  teachers'   lives  too.  That will  be great because teachers are part of our life and they have to receive all our attention and friendship because  if it wasn't for them  we  would  never grow and learn how to live our lives more  confidently  and with lots of good experiences that we will never forget.
13th June 2000
Dear Ms Ryan
I received your letter and I am writing to give you the information you asked  for .
First of all I would like to travel only in July because I am going to work in  August  to earn money and after  that  (from September to June) I go to university as usual.
About  accommodation  at Camp California, I would rather be in a tent than in a log cabin because in July the weather is really good and when I am in a tent I feel closer  (of*/to)  nature.
I choose climbing and sailing for the activities. Although I have never  climbed  (so I am a complete beginner) ,  I am very interested in learning  to climb .    I sailed a long time ago so I am quite a beginner  at that  too.
Finally I would like to know what sort of clothes I should bring and also if I should bring some money. You can contact me for further information.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Astrid de Martel Perrault
13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
I was happy to receive your letter and, as you asked me, I will tell you  about  my experience    and how great it was.
The most exciting thing when you help at a pop concert is that you can meet popstars, and, indeed, I met OUR favourite popstar! I talked to him and we ate a sandwich together talking about his album. I will never forget  that  moment. But don't worry, I thought about you and he signed an autograph for you .  You  will find it with this letter.
On the other hand I worked very hard because the concert finished very late and after the concert I had to clean up the  hall  and you can't imagine how dirty the fans are! But I could stand up on the  stage  and talk with the musicians.
When I  have received  the photos I took, I will write  to  you again to give them to you.
Looking forward to hearing from you
Love, Astrid
Dear Helen Ryan,
In response to your letter that I have just received I am writing to give you all the further information you need.
According to your letter, I should tell you when I would like to travel and I think July is the best time for me because I will be on summer  vacation  so I would not have to miss any classes.
About the  accommodation , I would prefer  a   tent  because I enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities.
As I may choose the two activities I would like to  do  during my  stay  at the Camp from the list given in your letter, I choose singing and photography. I have been taking singing  lessons  since I was ten years old so I am pretty good at it. On the other hand, I am a beginner  (in*/at)  photography skills.
I would appreciate  it  if you could inform me if I have to bring any money for extra costs or even  any  special kind of clothes for those activities.
Thanks in advance for your assistance.
Yours sincerely
CATARINA PONTES
Shopping is not always enjoyable
These days people  are  shopping more often than they used to. Sometimes shopping can be a  stressful  experience though people think of it as an enjoyable part of their lives.
First of all, shopping can be a good thing if it is a  chance  to forget about all the problems you have, even if it is just for a moment. It relieves you from the pressure of life while you are looking for something to buy.
On the other hand, sometimes you can get really  irritable     shopping ,  like when you have to deal with unhelpful shop assistants. It is a very common  phenomenon  these days and you have to be patient if you really want to buy something.
Furthermore, sometimes you  do  not find a variety of goods and you eventually buy a low quality product.
In conclusion, like all things in life, shopping can be  pleasant  or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I have just received your letter and I am writing  to answer  your questions.
I can travel only in  July  because  it  is the only month    this year that I will be available ,  because I finish school in  June  ,  so I will be very busy  then  ,  and in August I start to study at    University, so  July  is the best month for me to travel.
Accommodation for me is not  a  problem. I am very easy going and I will be satisfied wherever  I am . But if I have to choose, I prefer  to sleep  in tents, because when I travel I usually sleep in that kind of accommodation so, for me they seem very comfortable.
I would like to do the following activities:
- Tennis because  it  is my favourite sport and I enjoy playing it.
I  have played  tennis since I was a child and I have won some competitions in my town so I think I play very well.
- Climbing because I have never climbed in my life and it is a dream for me to do that.
I am a terrible climber but with a little bit of help I think I can enjoy the activity and have a good time  that will be  unforgettable.
I  want  to know what kind of clothes I have to wear because I don't know how the weather is in  the  U.S.A. Also I would like to know how much money I have to bring  (to*/on)  the trip.
I am looking forward to  hearing  from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely
Hello Kim:
Thank you for your letter . It  was great to hear from you.
Sorry ,  but I haven't written  to  you because I've been very busy.
Last month I helped at a pop concert . It  was marvellous. I have a friend and she knows that I speak English ,  so she offered    me work with an English singer  and  I said , "Yes,  of course". But you can't imagine who  the singer was  . It  was Sting . Can  you imagine? You know, he is my favourite singer.
My job was very easy .  I had to help Sting  (in*/with)  everything, for example ,  if he wanted water, I had to give    him water . It  was marvellous. He was very kind to me . We  talked  about  many things and after the concert he invited all the team to have    dinner . Yes,  I know what you're thinking, "Dinner and Sting" . Yes,  my friend ,  it was the best thing  to happen to me  in my life. I understood everything he said and Sting said to me that I  spoke   English very well . The best thing was I spoke in English  because I was forgetting it  and I met my favourite singer.
I hope my friend  calls  me again to work  for him  because I had a wonderful time and it was a great and unforgettable experience.
I hope you are O.K. and write soon.
Lots of Love
P.D. I  have sent  you an autograph that Sting wrote for you.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am replying to your letter  (for*/about)  the first prize  (of*/in)  the competition   that I won and there are a number of  things  I would like to make clear.
You asked me in your last letter when I would like to travel. I think the best time is the first two weeks of July, because I will be free then. I cannot travel earlier because I  will take  an examination and I have to study for it. In addition, I would prefer to have a log cabin, because I am not used to sleeping in a tent, so it would be very difficult for me   at the beginning .  You state in your last letter that I will have the chance to do two activities. I would prefer basketball and swimming. When I was younger I  was in   a  local basketball team and we became local champions, so I am good at basketball and have a lot of experience. I am also good at swimming. Last year I entered a swimming championship and won the silver medal.
Finally, there is one  thing  I would like to ask. Could you tell me what sort of clothes and how much money I should have with me?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Many thanks for your last letter. It was great to hear from you again.
As you know, I helped  out  at a pop concert last month ,  and I must say it was fantastic. Let's start from the beginning.
First of all, I had to prepare the clothes of the pop stars. I had to iron them,  and  put them in order, so that the pop stars, who  sang  at the concert,  would  look impressive   and handsome. The most exciting things happened later. I saw all the pop stars, talked with them and realized that they are very nice and always helpful.
I had a lot of things to do during the concert. I had to look after the  tone that nothing goes wrong . That was very  demanding  but fortunately I had help from  another  person.
I must say that being  (in*/at)  a concert is very nice. But helping  (in*/at)  a concert is much nicer. At the end I realized that all  you  need is co-operation and  you   mustn't  think selfishly. Hope to hear from you soon.
Yours
Pantelis
13rd of June
Dear Helen Ryan,
I was really happy when your letter arrived and I  learned  that I won the first prize in your competition.
I have never been  (in*/to)  the U.S.A.
Now I will give you the  information  which you asked for.  It is only possible for me  to travel in July. That is the only month  when  I have time because after July I have to start  at   university .
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I am used to it. When I was a child my parents and I spent a lot of time at camps.
You wrote that I should choose two activities. I have chosen golf because I  have been playing  golf  since  1998 and I want to improve    and then I decided to start a new kind of sport and I would like to start    climbing. I could play  golf in the first week  and in the second I could start    climbing.
What about money and clothes? You know what kind of clothes I need and could you give some  advice   on  how much money I will need?
Yours  sincerely 
Shopping is not always enjoyable
I think it  depends  if you are a man or a woman and now I have to say I am a woman and I enjoy it.
Honestly I  never had  a shopping  trip   alone which I didn't enjoy .
I can remember one shopping  trip  which I  went   on  with a man and it was  a  nightmare.
It was a fantastic sunny day and we went to Frankfurt and I really needed  shoes  and it is not easy to buy shoes  . You  have to choose carefully.
I tried ten pairs of shoes and with every shoe his mood got worse and worse and  in the end  we had a big fight about everything.
We left the shop without  any  shoes, in  a  horrible mood and we went home. Now he is my  ex-boyfriend ! Two days later I went back to the shop and I bought the shoes ,  which I still wear. This was for me the only shopping  trip  which was not enjoyable.
To sum up, my  advice  is that    women should go alone or with a female friend.
Dear Mr. Ryan:
I am writing in connection with the information requested, concerning the two-week trip I have won in the competition.
Firstly, I was asked  when  my trip would be and I have come to  the  conclusion that the only time I will be able to go is in July because during  that     month I have my winter break both from work and school and that is when I will be free to go.
 Regarding   accommodation  in tents or log cabins, I would enjoy much more being in  a   tent  as I believe  that  is the right type of  accommodation  for going camping . 
Another point mentioned was the choice of activities. I would like to try sailing as I have never sailed before and also climbing as I enjoy hiking a lot. I actually have  a lot of   stamina  and balance so that will help me in both activities.
Now, I would like to request some information about clothes and money. What type of clothes and how much money should I take with me?
I look forward to receiving your reply and hope the information above will  help  towards the preparation for the weeks in  question .
Yours sincerely
Gabriela Matos
Right size, right colour
Men tease women  for  being  shopping addicts  and for having shopping as  their favourite   pastime . However ,  that impression is not always true.
Everyone enjoys wearing nice new clothes . However  ,  do we really like the process of  choosing  them? At times, it is not only  a  matter of having to make a choice but the trouble of finding something   which can  waste  a lot of time and  especially  when your  taste  doesn't fit  in with the  fashion. The colour along with the style and size, blue or red, long or short, medium or large.
What is more, we can say that price is often very off-putting as well. Most people usually go shopping for something which is affordable, and many times they find, for example, a dress   they like a lot but they cannot buy it because it is terribly expensive. Then, I consider  it  a pain having to go around some more still thinking of that same dress.
Finally,  you always talk yourself into some piece of clothing but that ended up being a tiring day  of going in and out of fitting rooms and figuring out discounts. etc.
Is that enjoyable?
Dear Sir/Madam  
Thank you very much for your letter. I was surprised because I didn't expect that I could win.
Now I  am studying  and I'll continue my  studies   until  the end of June. Then I'll have  a  holiday which  will finish  in August. That's why I'd like to travel only in July.
I prefer to  stay  in  a  log cabin because I think it's more comfortable.  They  are warmer and drier and I'm afraid of insects and spiders.
It's really great that you can suggest how to spend the rest  of the  time, because I enjoy swimming and it doesn't matter where  -  in the lake or  swimming pool . I think it's  a  very  useful  and helpful thing for my health ,  especially when I do it with pleasure. The second  of  my  favourite   sports  is tennis. I've played tennis for ten years .  I'm a  professional  and I have to be good at it,  in any  time.
I want to ask you about money. How much money  do  I need and  do  I have to have  it  in cash or  can I  use a credit card ?  Could you let me know about the weather because I don't know what kind of clothes I should take. Would you send me your answer as  quickly  as it  is  possible. I look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you
Yours faithfully
Katerina Petrov
Hi, Kim!
How are you? I'm fine . Soon  I'll have my holiday and I look forward  (for*/to)   that  but now I have a lot of exams and if I want to pass them I have to learn a lot.
Now I want to tell you about a pop concert . As  you  already know  I helped my father to organize this concert. I was doing a lot of things like redecorating, drawing. Sometimes I gave some  advice  about suits and dresses. Often we  saw   rehearsals  and if something didn't  appeal to  us we tried to correct it. The most  enjoyable  thing was to  dress  people. We have a good and rich sponsor . That's  why we could buy a lot of different materials with different colours and we tried to be polite with actors even if they didn't want to wear that  piece  of  clothing  which we thought was  most suitable   (to*/for)  their style. We always explained  things to  them and  in the end  they agreed with us. These days were so busy. But when we saw our show and heard how  loudly   the  audience  applauded  them we were proud and understood that we  spent a good time . You should try it and  see . I'll be waiting for your answer.
Best wishes.
Katerina.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am delighted to  reply  to give you more  information  about me since I have won such a nice  prize .
As I have already planned my holiday for August, I will only be available in July, after my exams.
It would be nice to have a tent because I have never been camping and would like to try it, at least once.
The list of activities that you have is very interesting so my choice was very difficult to make but I have finally decided to  choose  sailing because I have been sailing for five years now and enjoy it very much. My second choice is climbing because I have never climbed and would like to have a go at it.
I do not have any idea of what the weather is like and what kind of clothes I should take. Also, I would like to know if it is better to exchange my money in England or in the USA.
I hope you will be able to answer these questions.
Yours sincerely
Like most of the girls ,  I enjoy shopping but it can be either a great  event  or a nightmare.
What you expect when you go shopping, generally with a friend or two, is  to wander  around and  to look  at everything. Having money and  being  able to spend it  (in*/on)  anything you want is brilliant therefore you try to turn it  (in*/into)  an enjoyable  experience .
The nightmare starts when you find out that the items you like the most are also the most expensive. Then, you decide to wait for the  sales  but  they   are  even worse as everybody  wants  to do their shopping at that time and the streets are so crowded you cannot even look for your favourite items.
You are hot in the shops, feel annoyed and most of the time cannot find anything you  want .
To conclude, I would say that to have a nice  time  shopping you had better  save  a lot of money and buy something as soon as you see it or be very patient.
Dear Helen:
I am very  pleased  to receive  your  letter, and read all the  questions  you  have asked  me . Now , I  will answer   your   questions .
I would like to go    in July, because  my summer holiday starts at that time , so I  have  more  free  time, and I want to  stay  in tents more than log  cabins , because when we  stay  in a tent    we are usually  in the countryside.  At  that  time , I think it should be suitable for me.
Do you know   I am  amazing   when it comes  to  playing  tennis? I am  on the   first tennis  team in my school, so I can  show  my   high   tennis  skills  during the holidays, and I can play  basketball  as well, but not very  well  . You   could  say I only know how to play.
Do you mind  telling  me what  the weather will be   like    when I  am   (during*/on)     holiday, what kind    money I should bring with me and what language I should  speak     there?
Please write back.  Take  care
From
What do you think about shopping?
  Great   fun , very happy, if go with your  girlfriend   it  will feel  romantic , you should think something like this , but do you know  it  is not always like this ? 
When you go    shopping with your  girlfriend , she  wants  to  look at  every  item of   clothing  in the shopping centre, but you are not  interested   (of*/in)  that . Romantic , no! I think you will feel  bored .
 If you  interested   (of*/in)  the clothes as well, but you need to remember, one is male, but one is female, they should  have   different  fashion, at that moment should be had one is boring or have some bad chat , so  in the end  you both    will feel unhappy or angry  (to*/with)  each other.
If you go out with your  same-sex  friend that should be fine , same fashion,  but  if   every time   you  go to the same place, everyone will feel  bored .
Shopping  can be  enjoyable, but not very  often , so don't say to everyone  that  shopping is always enjoyable!
Dear Mr./Mrs:
I have just received your letter in which you inform  me  that I won  the  first prize of two weeks at Camp California. I am very excited about it!
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July, since I am studying and that is the only month I have  (for*/on)  vacation. Fortunately, I have heard that  the  weather is beautiful in California during that month. I'd rather sleep in  a   tent  because I want to enjoy this wild experience! I will take my sleeping bag with me, just in case.
I would love to participate in the singing and photography activities. Singing is something I have enjoyed since I was a little child. In fact, I took some singing lessons. I am not very good at photography but I want to make an album to share it with my family when I come home.
Could you please tell me what kind of clothes    you recommend for    camping? How much money will I need? Is it better to take cash or a credit card?
Thanks for your attention.
 Cordially yours, 
Shopping is not always enjoyable
The best way to go shopping is     to think  in advance  about  what you really want to buy and  you know how much money you estimate to spend . If people would think about it BEFORE going shopping, they would not have a headache when they go home and realize they did not want what they bought.
Shopping can be an awful adventure when people want to buy all their presents the day before Christmas, for example. There is no way to find good prices! Shops are crowded, items are of bad quality and people are buying without thinking.
The worst time to go shopping is when people feel under  pressure  or when they feel unsatisfied in their personal lives. It may seem relaxing at the beginning, but if they take their credit cards with them, the stress will increase when they have to pay    the bills!!
Recommendations?
Wait for a sunny day, take a look  (into*/at)  your wardrobe, some money, ask a friend to go with you, and enjoy an exciting shopping  trip !
June 13th, 2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
First of all thank you very much for the good news that I have won the first  prize  in your competition. I am very delighted and already looking forward to spending two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.  
As regards the time that I can travel ,  I must tell you that my holidays at university are only in July. I hope that it  won't  be a problem for you and that I can go to the Camp California at some time in July. I would like to stay in a log cabin as I have an  allergy   (against*/to)  grass.
 Then  you asked  me  to  choose  two activities from the list you sent to me. I would like to do surfing and photography. I am a total beginner in both activities, but I think that these two weeks will be a good opportunity to learn something about them.
Finally ,  I  also have  some questions  (to*/for)  you. Firstly I would like to know what kind of clothes will be appropriate for the camp, secondly how much money I should take with me for the two weeks and lastly if there are any  facilities  for cooking.
 Yours  sincerely,
'Shopping is not always enjoyable'
If you have to go shopping again, because the fridge is empty or you need some new clothes, a lot of time, patience and  strength  are needed. All kinds of shopping have more and more become    a  stressful activity rather  than an enjoyable on.
 It  often begins with finding a  parking space  for the car, which can take more than 15 minutes. Leaving the car at home is also not a good  idea   as  you often buy so much that you can't carry it in  plastic bags .
The next stressful factor begins in the shop .  Everywhere people who are in a hurry    push you from one side to the other. Consuming has become a very important thing for them. And if you are not quick enough they won't leave  you  anything   . But  problems also occur  if there are products left: either you can't decide between two things or your favourite product is too expensive.
Having finally decided and got what you wanted   , the next torture comes at the  cash desk , when you have to pay. You have to wait  (at*/in)  a long queue for more than 15 minutes.
So even if it's nice to have food or new clothes at home, without patience, time and  strength  you  had  better stay at home or try to find the most convenient time for shopping.
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I am writing to you about the first prize I won in your competition. I am very pleased and I include the information you asked for.
I prefer  to travel  in July because I am taking some important exams in September and I have planned to study in August. With reference to the  accommodation  I would rather stay in  a  tent because I think it is the best way to socialize.
 Concerning  the activities ,  I think that swimming and climbing are the most suitable for me. I have been swimming since I was three and I did a lot of courses. On the other hand I have never  taken  a course  (of*/in)  climbing even though I would like to take up this hobby.
I would like to ask you something about the weather and clothes I should bring  so as  not to have to buy anything there. In addition I need to know whether meals are included or not  with  the  accommodation  so that I  can  decide how much I must have with me.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Mafalda D'Accatino
Dear Kim,
I bet you want to know everything about my great experience at Luna Pop's concert last month. Before that I had never thought I would play with a famous group. But maybe you want to hear the story from the beginning.
As you know ,  Luna Pop is not my favourite group and I went to their concert only because Ake needed  to be  accompanied. When we arrived she persuaded me to go    backstage because her boyfriend was the  band's electrician . It didn't sound very exciting to me but I accepted  anyway  because I was curious. Unfortunately what I found wasn't what I expected. Everyone was upset, worried or angry and Lucre, Ake's boyfriend, explained that it was because their pianist had broken his arm and couldn't play.   Just then  Ake  exclaimed  that I could play the piano. After that I tried to tell them I had just begun  to learn  but within five minutes I was on the stage and I was playing that, luckily, easy tune.
 I don't think you can believe     what I've told you but I won't forget this experience. This has been the first time I have realized that, maybe, playing the piano could be my future and, even though I was really frightened, I enjoyed  being  on the stage with all those eyes on me.
I wish you had been with me but I'm sure you understand what I felt.
Love
Mafalda
Dear Helen , 
I have received your letter ,  which     makes  me happy.  For the  first time in my life I have won  a  competition. I would like to  take you up on  your  invitation  in July. I  am  only able to take my  holiday  in July . The  rest of the year I work.
I would prefer to stay in  a  tent. I think it is more enjoyable. I don't know why but I have  feel toward to tent from  my childhood. When I was  a  kid I used to ask my mum to buy me a tent for my bedroom  so I would be able  to sleep in there instead of  my  bed.
I'm  crazy  about tennis and swimming. I used to take tennis and swimming  lessons  when I was  in  high school. I have  good talent and skill about them .  Most of the weekend  I go     swimming  and  play  tennis.  That is the fun for me to doing it .
Do I have to bring some cash  (on*/with)  me? Do you think  traveller's cheques  would be more  safe ? I  would also  like to get some information about  the  weather. What  is  it like in July over there?
 Yours  sincerely,
Shopping is part of our life. I don't like shopping. Can you   imagine    Friday  night ?  Most    people get  paid  on  Friday  night then they go    shopping. I can't stand  (on*/in)     long  queues .  You have worked hard all day  . On  the way home you want to pick up some milk from  the  shop  and  you have to  wait   ten minutes on average . It is not good. Your time  has  been stolen. I can't cope with that. I prefer  to go  home without  any  milk. There are a lot of  tills  in the shop but most of them are  closed . It is  annoying .
There are a lot of  options  and  items   to make  our  choice   difficult .  It  is hard     to decide  which  is   best  for you. After shopping you have to carry  a   heavy  bag  a  long way    home
Dear Mr. Ryan,
I received your letter and I am very glad I have won a  two-week   trip  to Camp California. I will give you some information which  will help  you to know me better.
I would like to travel to  the  camp in July because this is the best time for me and I hope for you. I will be very busy in June so let me tell you some details about my  trip .  Regarding  accommodation, I think tents would be great.
Basketball and swimming I think are the best for the children. Basketball will help  the  children to build team  spirit  and leadership  skills . And swimming is very good for  their  health. I swim really  well  and I am a  professional  basketball player. I  count on  my experience.
And there are  a  few questions I would like to ask. First, what clothes should I take with me ? Secondly,  how much money and  should I pay  by cash or by  travel cards  ?  Thanks!
I am looking forward to our meeting.
Yours sincerely,
Vasiliy Alekseyev.
Dear Kim,
Last month I enjoyed helping at  the  concert of "Modern Talking'' and now I want to share with you    my experience.
It all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my  favourite  band. And what do you think I answered? Of course, yes!
I  had   taken on  very  demanding  work .  I had to bring food for Peter Bolen and Tomas Anders. Can you imagine? I  went  into their room and  gave  hot Cheeseburgers, Coca-Cola and ice-cream to Peter. It was the happiest moment of my life. He asked me  whether the cheeseburger was hot  and I answered that it was. I was very nervous talking with him. He told me about  a  concert programme and gave me his photo with  an   autograph .
I will never forget that summer day. It was my day, I am sure about it.
Well, I think that is all. See you.
 All the best ,
Vasiliy.
Dear Helen Ryan
I'm writing    to tell you that I am happy to accept this prize and to give you some further information that you need from me.
If it's possible I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because of my job. I can't leave it until  that  month and I'm not able to travel at any other time of    year.
As I see I have the chance to choose  the  accommodation I prefer ,  I would like to stay in a tent because  I used to  go camping at weekends but if there's any problem I could be very  comfortable  in a log cabin too.
 The large list of interesting activities that you offer is incredible . It's difficult just to  choose  two but if I have the chance I would like to  do  sailing and photography. I have never  tried   either  of them before and as a result I can't be good  at them  but I've always wanted to sail because I love the sea and now I have the  opportunity . I also think that it would be great to learn  about  photography because it will give me the chance to go sightseeing and find wonderful places to take pictures.
If you don't mind I would like to know what kind of clothes are  appropriate  for the camp and for the  Californian weather . And also  will  I have to bring  any  money?    I know that all the  expenses  are paid but it could be necessary for other things.
I look forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours sincerely
Luna Juarez.
I completely agree with the following statement:
"shopping is not always enjoyable"
 In my opinion  a lot of people believe that it's  great  fun to go shopping and it's a great way to spend Saturday afternoons and that's true ,  but in my opinion  going  shopping can be  stressful  and disgusting.
First of all ,  we usually go to the shops at the same time  as  the rest of the world and that's a little bit complicated because the shops are  full  and it's impossible  to try  accurately  .
Secondly you have to  think  before you  enter  a shop if you're going to have  any  luck. I mean that you have to wait until the  shop assistant   comes  to know if he or she is going to drive you crazy. Thirdly you have to pray  you   find  the right size and once you've got it you have to think , "Does it fit me?" 
And after all of this it's important when you're going shopping to have a  large  amount of money or you will end  up  stressed, disgusted, and depressed.
 Last but not least  let me give you some advice ,  try not to go with that friend of yours  who  is crazy about clothes and shoes because she wants you to be like her and that  would  be awful.
Hi Helen,
 I'm  very excited because I won the first prize and my family is very proud of me.
 About  the things you asked me in your letter ,  I would like to go to camp California  (on*/in)   July  because that's the month when  term ends  and I have my vacations and I think it would be much easier that month. About my  accommodation   (in*/at)  the camp ,  I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it's safer than being in a tent and because you sleep more  comfortably . The activities that I would like to do are  singing  ,  because my friend told me that  I'm  good at it ,  and the other  activity  that I would like to do is climbing because I  think  it  is  very exciting although I have never tried climbing ,  because  there are no mountains in my city .
I just want to ask you  (for*/about)  something else. How many jeans, Pants,  sweaters  etc... do I have to take?  And  how much money  do  I need to bring in my pocket?
I appreciate  the   opportunity  that you are giving    me and  I'm  very  grateful  to you guys.
atte. Henrique Aguilar
Dear Kim  I'm  having a great time here in  Brazil , I have been going out with some friends  and  now I have a girlfriend.  She's  very nice and very Pretty too.   Well on march 11th there was  a  group here in brazil  called  "Los Jagoares" ,  they sing pop music.  And   they are  one of my  favourites  and as you know I have a cousin that works as  an  organizer for all the bands that would like to have a concert in  Brazil  and when my cousin knew that my  favourite  band was coming he called me and  asked  me    if I would like to help them to install the speakers, microphones etc... and I said ,  " Sure man."  That night I went to the stadium and I met the singer . His  name is saul Hernañdez and he is very funny . That  night I had a lot of fun with them and of course I was  (on*/in)  the first  row   (in*/at)  the concert. It was the best day of my life. I hope you are having fun and that you are OK. Your friend Henrique.
Mrs Helen Ryan,
I have just received your letter where you stated that I won the first prize  (of*/in)  the competition ,   (of*/about)  which I need more information.
To begin with, in your letter you asked me when I would like to  travel . Well, I would  only be  available in July, because at that time I would be  (in*/on)   my  winter holidays. Also, I prefer sleeping in a tent  (than*/to)   sleeping  in a  log  cabin because it is easier to clean.
You mentioned the chance to choose two activities from  your  list. I would like to do tennis, because I used to play when I was at school ,  and  swimming  because I like water sports and because I am good at it. Could you also let me know what kind of clothes and how much money I would have to take.
Thanking you in  advance  for your help, I look forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours sincerely,
KA. FELIPA MUNOZ
To: The Teacher
From: Ka. Felipa Munoz
Subject: Suggest lessons and activities to be  filmed .
INTRODUCTION
The aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed to make a short video about daily life at school.
HISTORY
It is  a  very interesting lesson where you can learn about the    things that happened in your country. Also you can  compare  the  different  cultures of all the countries and sometimes there are  planned   visits  to historical places.
French
In this lesson you can learn how to speak, write and read this  foreign  language with  teachers  that are well  prepared .
GYM
There is a  well-equipped  gym where students of all ages can practise any kind of sport in their free time.
 theatre 
This is an  extra-curricular  activity where you can take part in a play. You can sing, act or just help    backstage.
CONCLUSION
To sum up, it is a big school where you have a lot of interesting lessons and some  optional  activities to do in your free time.
13th June 2000
Dear Ms Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
I have just  received  the letter, which lets me know that I have won the first prize. I am proud of winning it and would like to say how  grateful  I am. I am therefore writing to give you my further information.
First of all, I am a student and would like to travel in July.  This is because  I intend to take  an  examination in  September . So I can afford to go on holiday only in July. Secondly, I would prefer to stay  (at*/in)  log cabins rather than tents. It will be my first time  experiencing   staying  there and I am interested in trying new things which I have not tried.
The next consideration is the activities. Actually, I used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident  (of*/at)  it. And  recently , I have been  practising  tennis as  a  school activity. Therefore I would like to choose basketball and tennis.
Finally, I am  wondering  about what kind of clothes I should wear and how much I need. I would be most grateful if you could give me further  advicable  information.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Hello! I hope everything around you is alright. You might not believe  it  but actually I helped at a pop concert last month and I really enjoyed it so much. So I'm now writing to let you know how  great  it was. All  the  work I needed to do wasn't very interesting.    I must have set thousands  of  chairs correctly and after finishing I put them back nicely. The reason I enjoyed it very much is that I could meet the vocalist  (on*/during)  setting chairs just before they started  practising . I was asked if I wanted to sit down in front of  the  stage. Naturally I agreed and I could enjoy their gig as  a member of the  audience. It was absolutely fantastic. I had ever never  sat  down there. Additionally, you  won't  believe  it , but the vocalist said "All the chairs you are sitting     on  were set  out   (from*/by)  him," pointing at me!! Actually I was a bit ashamed but it will be my brilliant memory.
Anyway it was so interesting  a  time that I didn't even feel tired after that. Finally, I suggest you should try as I did if you have any opportunity. You  are sure to  like it.
I'm looking forward to seeing you soon. Can you send me  a  letter back writing what  happened  to you recently ? 
Bye!
Love,
Dear Mrs. Ryan
Thank you for your letter ,  which I have just received this morning. I am really  pleased  to hear that I have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I am writing this letter to  give  you more information about myself.
I would like to travel only in July because I will have a summer holiday for 2 months at that time. I would prefer  to stay  at Camp California in tents because it would be nice to spend the time living in tents with a nice environment and fresh air. Also I would like to do two activities while I am at the Camp ,  which are swimming and photography. Photography is quite interesting for me ; I like  to take     photographs  in  a  place where I have never been to  before . Swimming is quite  a  nice  way  to relax and work out. It is really enjoyable to keep my body fit and healthy by swimming.
Anyway, I would like to know    how many people are  going to  this Camp. Could you please tell me about the clothes I should take?
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely
Boonsri Thanasukolwit.
Dear Kim
Thanks for your last letter. I'm really sorry   it's taken me so long to reply. How are you doing? I hope that you can get on well with your roommate.
Anyway, I enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month. I and my friend    Emma      helped to paint the  scenery     on the stage. As you  know , I like drawing and painting when I have  some  free time so that  is  why I chose to paint the  scenery    . I really enjoyed painting it and it looked very nice. And I particularly liked the experience  of   helping  to  screen  and paint a picture of "Bon Jovi" on every  T-shirt  which  was  given to the  audience . I felt that it was a great time in my life.
However, I told my teacher that I am willing to  lend a hand  next time. Are you willing to  lend a hand  next time? If you are, I'll tell you  about it  in advance. I must stop writing now as I have a lot of homework to do.
Best wishes
Dear Ms    Ryan
I  am writing  to find out further information and give you some details about myself and the  trip  that I have won in your competition.
First of all, I would like to inform you that I am able to travel only in July  because    I am a student and in June, I will still have school. Also, in  August  I will be studying a summer  course in English .
In addition, I would prefer to stay in a tent  because  I would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and  everyday  comforts,  (in*/during)  these two weeks.
However, in your letter  you      mentioned  some activities. I would choose Basketball and Tennis.  I have been playing basketball  in a team    (of*/in)  my town for ten years. Also  tennis  is my favourite hobby and I play twice  a  week with my friends.
Finally, I would be grateful to you   if you  would   tell  me about clothes and money. Will we need any special clothes and  how  much  would you  suggest  I   bring  for these two weeks?
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
How are you? I am very well .  I'm writing to  tell you about  my experience with the pop concert   last month.
First of all, I think that I  helped  them. Every day of that month I was trying to advertise this concert. I was going to markets  and  to schools and I was giving  out  information  about  when and where the group was going to appear as well as where  people could  buy or book a ticket for this concert. I know    it  was difficult and  tiring  but I enjoyed  it  a lot. Firstly, it was a good break from the  usual  routine  because  I  was doing  it for  the  first time. Also, I felt wonderful when I saw   that the concert  was   a   success  and every day  it  was   crowded    because  I believed that this was a result which came  about  with my help. I would like to do  it again  in the future. It was a fantastic experience.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes
Dear Helen
I'm very happy     to have won  the first prize in the competition. I think it  will  be a very good experience for me. I'm  really  excited about it.
 First  of all I'm going to give  you  some  information  about  myself .
Actually, I'd prefer to travel in July, because I'm working at the moment    (in*/for)  a company, and I'll only have two weeks off ,     the period between the fifteenth and the thirtieth of July. I'd love to come earlier, but I  really  can't because this job is very important  (for*/to)  me, and I'll need it as    work experience   for my further studies  (in*/at)     University.
I  would  also appreciate  it    if you would offer me  accommodation  in a log cabin, because of some health problems that I have, which  do  not allow me to  sleep   outside  on the ground, and to be honest with you, I never liked camping. I'd also like to choose photography and painting from the list of activities, because I've studied  Art  for three years, and these two are my favourite hobbies.
I'd also like to ask you how much money I'll need for these two weeks, and what kind of clothes  I should  take with me, because I've never been to the States, and I don't know  what  the weather is  like  in California during the summer.
I'm looking forward  to  hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Shopping is an obsession for all of us. We all like going out to the shops, and  spending  hours   looking  at  all sorts of products and comparing the prices, until we decide which one is the most suitable for us.
But shopping is not always enjoyable. Especially if you  go  with women or children to the shops. That is my worst nightmare. I never go shopping with women ,     especially with my mother or my sisters. And that's because they spend hours trying on  all   kinds  of clothes, everything you can imagine, and at the end they  do  not  buy  anything. They also like going to loads of shops, in different parts of the city. At the end I feel very tired and angry, because I  have spent  the whole morning doing nothing, except  (from*/for)  looking at them trying  on   different  clothes, and that's not enjoyable at all, in fact it's  really  annoying.
Also, you have to be careful when you go    shopping with children. Children always ask for something and they want to have all  the  toys which they see and that's not very enjoyable for the parents, because sometimes they spend more money    than  they  had planned .
13   June   00
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I have been the happiest woman since I  got  your letter. I could not believe my eyes. This was the first competition which I took part  in  and I have won the first prize. It is incredible!
I would like to give you some information. First of all, I would like to travel on  the  19th of July and come back on  the  2nd of August, because I have to work until 19th of July.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay at Camp California, because I have  stayed   (at*/in)  log cabins before and I didn't enjoy it. This time I want to try something different.
I would also like to tell you about my free-time activities. I like painting and climbing. I am actually not so good at climbing, but I like the fear of risks and  danger . My painting is not bad, but many people don't like the way I paint, because I use only   a  pencil . I am happy`,, because I will have the chance to do  these  two activities.
Finally, I would like to ask you if I should take a lot of clothes with me, because I do not know  what the weather is  like there. My last question  is  :  how much money do I need? I hope   I have answered all  your  questions.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Shopping is not always  enjoyable .
If I had the  choice , I would never go shopping  (to*/in)  the big supermarkets. You can lose your way if you do not follow the signs, or you  can't  find the items  that  you want to buy.
When I was at  the  supermarket last week ,  I suddenly decided not  to buy  from a supermarket at all. First of all ,  you need a lot of time, because the  shop  is so big. Secondly, you have a lot of  choices  and you do not know  what  to buy. Lastly, there is a  recycling  problem ,  which many people do not care about. You buy a lot of items without thinking where  so much rubbish should go .    I think a lot about this issue, and sometimes I do not even want to  use  water, although I should   . I think I am too sensible.
 I  prefer to go  to   street markets .  You  can ask about the  quality  and prices and get  an answer immediately .
In my opinion, small  shops  and the  street markets  should be supported . On  the other hand ,  the big supermarkets should think more about the  recycling  problem, which will be the most important problem in the near future.
I'm very  pleased  to   receive   this  prize. Thank you very much.
The only time I can travel to  the  U.S.A is in July, because that is the only time I can leave my work. Other  workers  are  taking on  other  months  so there is only July that is  available  for me.
About the accommodation at Camp California, I would like to stay in a  tent . I'm a very  outdoor  person, who  likes  to go camping and hiking, so    a  tent  is like a second home to me.
The two activities that I  would  like to do are Tennis and Climbing. I'm very good at tennis, and I was a  professional  tennis player. I won the U.S. Open and the French open in 1986 and 1988.  Unforgivably , my climbing skill is  nothing  like my tennis skill, but I  always  love climbing. I'm  afraid  of  heights  and    I  have always wanted  to  conquer  that fear!
At this point, I would like to know which  airline  I will be  travelling   (in*/on)  and if it  is  possible can you send me more information about    Camp California. Also I would like to know how long I will be staying at this camp so I can  decide  how much money I'm going to need and how many clothes I'm going to take.
I would like to thank you again for the prize that you  have given  me.
Filming    life at school  means  filming  the   students'   actions  and  behaviour . We need to show what  students'  interests  are  and which  subjects   they  are interested  in .
I think Science  is  one of the interesting  subjects  in school. It is very interesting and fun  with the   experiment .  Lots and lots  of  experiments      produce   quite      interesting  and amazing results and I think Science is very useful in life. We can see a lot of  interested  faces  (on*/among)  the students  while  we  are  filming them. Also it  is  not a very easy subject so we can capture other  students'  faces in  confusion  and  puzzlement .
Also drama is one of the most fun and  interesting   subjects . We can see students expressing their  feelings , wonderful and  exciting  story that the student made up or from a  well   well-known  story.
Another  exciting  subject which most of the students  like  very much is P.E. Many students like to play sports. (I'm one of them). It  would be  a good idea to have that in. Plus you can use me as  the  main person because I'm very good at it.
We can also film life after school. After school activities  are  one of the main  things  in school. There are  lots  of  interesting  activities doing  things  such as   painting, swimming, football, basketball, reading, drama, and much much more. We can capture bits of each  activity  and  use   them  as     finish clips  for our film.
Dear Helen
I am writing to thank you for the first prize in your competition and  to reply  to your letter.
First of all,  in  your letter you asked me my  preferred  travel dates. If it is possible, I would only like to travel in July because I am going to  be  on    holiday in July.
 (On*/In)  your letter,  you are going to provid me one of tents and log cabins with accommodation  at Camp California. I would like to be in tents because I    find    being in tents more comfortable than being in log cabins.
I am very happy because I can have a chance to do activities while I am at the camp. I would like to take part in the Golf and the sailing. I am not  good  at  either  of them. I have been interested in them so I would like to  turn up them on this chance .
Finally, I would like to know something about travel. Could you let me know whether I need extra money or what sort of clothes I need. I would also like to know whether someone will be at the airport for me because this will be  my  first time in the U.S.A.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
I was happy to get your letter. I haven't  written  a letter to you for ages. I'm sorry about that.
 (On*/In)  your letter, you want to hear about my experience at a pop concert. I'll tell you  about my experience  helping  at  the pop concert.
At first, I  applied   to be a volunteer  at the pop concert and then I got    responsibility for  controlling  the audience. I had to make the  fans   keep   in  a queue. I also  helped  them find their seats. It was very hard  work . For example, I always spoke loudly and  ran  fast.
However, there was something good  (to*/for)  me. I saw a lot of singers and entertainers. I didn't need to pay  an   entrance  fee because I was working there.
Plus, I got  an   autograph  from a popular singer. I'll give you the  autograph   as   a  present.  It is valuable of keeping on your  souvenir . 
I'll tell you more  about the  experience  (on*/in)   my  next letter.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Best  wishes 
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan;
I  received  your  letter congratulating me  for having won the first prize in your competition. I am very  grateful  and I want to thank you very much for letting me  go on  this trip.
I think it is very kind of  you  to ask me what my preferences are  regarding  the trip. I ought to let you know that I can only travel  in  the second week of July, because that is when my winter holidays  start .  To answer  another of your questions, I am more likely  to want  to stay in a log cabin ,  considering that I will be  two  weeks in the camp. They are much more  comfortable  than tents.
While I am at the camp I would love sailing and climbing. I have not done  either  of these activities before, but now that I have the chance I want to take advantage of it. I would be very glad if you could let me know what kind of clothes  I should  take, and how much money    you think I will need to bring with me.
I want to thank you again for letting me have this unique experience. Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Dear Kim; How are you?  It's  been a long time since I last wrote to you. Anyways, do you remember my last e-mail, where I told you that I was going to help at a Pop Concert. Well, I'm going to tell you about that awesome experience. The band played at my school so we could raise money for our graduation trip. I asked them if they could play at our school and they told me it would be 350 pounds. "The Moicznos" are so popular that we sold    every ticket and  ended  up  making  2000 pounds.  Apart  from calling them, I also helped  build     the stage, and took care of the lights. After the concert the whole class helped  clean  up the mess the people left. I can tell you that it was a  wonderful  experience. What I liked the most about it is not the fact that we raised a lot of money, but that we enjoyed    an amazing show in which I took  an  active part. The band thanked me very much for calling them and having everything so well organized. I hope you liked reading my story. Hope to hear from you soon. Love,
Mrs Helen RYAN
Competition Organiser
USA
13th  June, 2000 
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I received your letter    this morning . Thank  you very much for your kind letter and  for   choosing  me.
I can only travel in July because I  have already booked  and fully paid for a  holiday  in the  Middle East , from 25th    July till  the  end of August. If you can arrange my departure time  (from*/for)  1st of July it  would  be  convenient  for me.
I would like to stay in  a   tent  ,  because I had  many  great times in tents during my previous holidays, if it  can be arranged .
I want to do  these  two activities while I am at the camp:  sailing  and photography. I have great experience  (for*/of)  sailing. I used to work for a sailing company in Turkey. And I have     a  certificate  (for*/in)  using  a  radio (VHF). I have  knowledge   (about*/of)  navigation, engine <NS type="MN"></NS>, ropes and knots ,  and    sails as well.
My other passion is photography,  I especially  like black and white photography. I have a camera ,   it  is a    Minolta X300.  It  is a manual camera. I know  how  to develop films and print  photographs .
I  am not sure  about clothes, money and  the  immigration rules of the USA.  Please  could you  tell  me  what   the weather is  like there, what kind of clothes I need and how much money I should  bring .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely .
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
I like shopping but I had a bad experience  (about*/on)   a  recent shopping  trip . I went out  to get some  shopping and to get some ideas about new    computers and <NS type="M"></NS> products. First of all ,  I went to a local shop but  they didn't have a big  enough selection of products.
Then I visited another one, in Cambridge Street. It was very crowded, I could hardly  move  in the shop. I decided to  buy  a  CD-ROM   drive  for my old computer. When I approached    the cashier I suddenly noticed my wallet had gone. My money, travel card and credit card  had gone . It was a nightmare ,  there were  pickpockets  in the shop. I went to the  shop's   customer services  but it was useless.
As soon as possible ,  I phoned    my bank     to cancel     my credit card but they had already used it.  It   cost  me about £500. This experience has changed my shopping  habits , now I do all my shopping on the  Internet . But I'm not sure  whether  it is safe. But you must  always be   on your guard  against     pickpockets .
 Hello !  I am  very pleased that I have won the first prize in your competition and I want to tell you that it would be better for me to go to your Camp in July because  that  month I usually have a rest and now I am thinking about it. So your advice  (of*/about)  going to a camp suits me very well.
 To answer     our first question about where  I would  prefer to sleep, I prefer tents because  they   are  closer to nature and I like  sleeping  in  sleeping  bags (=BV bags).
Now let me tell you about my sports  preferences . From your list of activities I have chosen swimming and surfing, because all of us  came  out from  the  water and we have to go back there. Of course it was a joke, but as I have chosen swimming and surfing I will tell you why. I have chosen them because I am  applying to do a  masters  (of*/in)  sports in water polo. And  only out of that reason , but also because I like water very much.
Also I would like to have a t-shirt with your  autograph .
Yours  sincerely 
Fedor Gapon.
In our  school  we have  a   system  of "double lessons". It means that every day  except  Sunday we have four lessons and each of the lessons lasts for  an  hour and a half and it means  a  "double lesson". I think that is more  convenient  than seven lessons every day and each of the lessons lasts  forty-five  minutes. It is  convenient , I mean "double" lessons ,  because you have more time to understand  the   material   which  is  given   out  and because you have to prepare only four subjects for "tomorrow" and it is  fewer  then seven subjects.
As a student  (of*/in)   the   economics  form I think I should tell you about one day in  the   timetable  of our form. For example Tuesday. On Tuesday we have  these  lessons :  English,  Maths , Economics and  Physics . All of these subjects are so important for us that we have never missed them , especially  English and Economics because we are going to become famous economists.
Not only these subjects are studied by us, but also Latin, Russian, Ukrainian, Biology and  Physical  training, but as we study them we understand that they are not so important as our main subjects.
Dear Ms Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter ,  which informed me that I have won the first prize  (for*/of)  two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. Here  is  some information as requested.
Please  note  that I can only travel in July because of  the  summer holiday  shut-down . It  could  be any day but please let me know  nearer  the time.
I would prefer the log cabins  to  tents. I think the log cabin is more fun &amp; exciting. The activities that I would like to do are painting and playing    Golf. I  won     first prize for painting when I was at High School, and won    third prize    playing Golf for a Charity.
Could you please tell me    what sort of clothes    I need and how much money to take.
I look forward to  hearing  from you and if you need more information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Yours sincerely
Sunee Boonliang-Hampson
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Shopping is an ordinary  way of life . We always need fresh food such as vegetables,  fruit , milk    etc.  At least  most people will do their shopping twice a week for    fresh food. You might think shopping is enjoyable but I don't think it  is  always enjoyable. You have to try to park your  car  first ,   and   sometimes  the  car parks  are  full  and after you have parked your car and  got   (in*/into)  the supermarket the product you wanted  has  run out so you have to  change  your plan for dinner or  go  to another supermarket to  face  a long queue.  That   makes   you whole day for shopping  which was not fun at all.
13 June 2000
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to give you  further  information about me which you need  (about*/for)  Camp California.
I am delighted that  I have finally  won    first  prize  in your  competition .
I would like to travel only in June because I will start working in July  which  means I will not be able to come there  any  later.
Moreover, I would rather stay in a tent than in a log cabin because I always stay in a tent when I am on holidays. It is not comfortable but  I  still like it.
Concerning    the activities which I have to choose I would like to inform you that I am fond of photography and I am quite good  (in*/at)  it because I have attended a relevant course for three months.
 Because of  my work experience as a lifeguard I will choose swimming as the second activity.
Could you please tell me what kind of clothes I have to bring with me? (like.. specific equipment or anything else).
How much money do I need?
I am looking  forward  to hearing from you . 
Yours sincerely,
"Shopping is not always enjoyable"
Is it true or not? Some people agree with it, some people  don't .
If you don't work and you have plenty of time going shopping is really enjoyable, because there are big shopping centres in which you can find so many different things. There are new products which you could not imagine    could be so interesting. Shopping is a good way to kill    time and  sometimes  you  do  not realize how fast the time goes. This happens because people  are enjoying  themselves a lot.
On the other hand there are some disadvantages.  For  example if you are a working mother with three children,  which  means you are always  in  a hurry, going shopping is really unenjoyable. You  shop  in a big supermarket because you know you will find everything there and you need 15 minutes to find the goods and 20 minutes to pay for them because of the big queue.
You need to buy essential items like food and you get tired because it  is  very crowded and you spend more time  than  you  would like  to.
In  conclusion  shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too  busy . Otherwise  if  you are in a good mood it will turn into a bad mood. You should avoid the peak times.
Dear Sir,
Thank you very much for your nice letter which informed me  that   I   have  won first prize in  your  competition.
 I'm  really  surprised  and happy about it.
In your letter you  asked   for  some  information  about me. Unfortunately, I  can  only     travel  in July because in August I will start a new job for six months.  I won't be free, however all July I am at home .
 Regarding   accommodation  at this camp, I would prefer  staying  in a tent to  staying  in a log cabin. It is more  fun  and  more sociable . It will allow me to make friends more quickly.
Two of my  favourite  activities are swimming and photography. The first one  of these   is a needless for me . I go  swimming every day   and swim  one  mile .  Last  summer I won a prize in  a swimming competition . The second  activity  is more  of  a hobby. I like  to go   to the countryside  and  take   photographs . I started    two months ago. I don't have any  equipment .
Could you tell me if you  could  lend me some  photographic equipment ?
What sort of clothes will I need for these two weeks?
How much money  should  I take with me?
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Henri Devereux
Dear Kim,
I'm so happy  (with*/about)  the experience I  had  last month.
I told you that I  helped  at a pop concert last month.  It  was really great.
 First  I was  chosen  to sell the tickets. I was  really  happy to help  (in*/at)   a concert as big as Mylene Farmer's .
I was starting to sell the tickets when  an organiser  told me to go into the  dressing room . They needed one person     to put  the clothes into a wardrobe. It was the  dressing room  of Mylene Farmer.  What do you think of that ? I was so  excited ! Unfortunately, I didn't see her but it allowed me to talk with her manager ,  John ,  and her musicians.  They   were all  very  kind  and pleasant. It was a big moment for me.  These  people are like us, they  just have  a special job with  special times .  Next  year, if it  is  possible, I would like go back with you. They will organise  the  same  pop concert  but with  another  singer. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Love,
Henri
Dear Helen,
I am very glad to hear from you that I have won the first prize in your competition. I would like to reply and ask you some questions.
Firstly, I  will  be available for travelling only in July because my university will finish at the end of June and will start again in August. Secondly,  regarding  the  accommodation , I would say I prefer living in  a  tent rather than in  a  log cabin because I used to sleep in  a  tent  when  I was  staying   in  a local scout camp in my country. Thirdly, I have  chosen  Sailing and Photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my  favourite  hobbies and I have been enjoying Sailing and Photography for several years so I am quite good at both of them. Finally, I would  like   to ask  you whether I have to prepare any  special  clothes for camping or  will the camp  provide them for me.
I look forward to receiving the details  regarding   the   trip  soon and  to  joining your camp in July.
Yours sincerely,
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
 I do agree  with this  statement . One of the most unforgettable  habits  of city life is going out    shopping. I used to hang around famous  clothes  shops looking at the new  new-arrivals  clothes section. It is not only    good fun to see the new fashions and things but  it  also  decreases  the  amount of  money in my pocket.
 Sometimes  shopping doesn't  do  anything  (to*/for)  you but  only   wastes  all your free time. A group of girls can  stay  in a shopping  centre  forever. It seems to me that more people in my hometown tend to go shopping in their free time because the shopping  complexes  nowadays are more attractive and combine every  facility  inside. From my point of view, someone goes shopping just because he/she wants to show off that he/she is wealthy.
Keeping  a  balance between daily life and shopping life may  be  more enjoyable rather than always walking in an air-conditioned shopping complex.
Dear Madam,
I am very glad that I have won first prize in your competition and I can go to the United States. It has always been my dream to go there and to be able to see that  beautiful  country. Now my dream will come true.
I will try to give you some information about me. The best time to travel for me is July because I am working and only then  can I  have holidays. I would be pleased if it is possible.
About accommodation, I would prefer a tent because I have never slept in  a  tent and I would like to try it. It will be very interesting for me because  normally  I  do not have  a lot of time to do activities. I would prefer swimming because I  really  like it and I am trying to swim  whenever  I have got some time, and painting because I have finished  a  painting course and I have some practice with this.
That is very nice that  all  costs are  paid  for but I would like to ask you how much money I should  take  with me because I do not  know  anything about prizes in the U.S.A. and please  tell  me if I need anything to paint because it would be difficult to take it with me, so if I will need to take everything I will just change this  activity .
Thank you for the letter and I am looking forward  to  an answer.
Yours sincerely
Hallo Kim,
Thank you for  answering     my last letter, I hope your sister's health is better than    last time and she is all right.
My life is a little bit changed after that concert    last month. I will try to explain  to  you why.
As you  know  I was helping to make  all the  decorations before and during the concert. It was  a   really   wonderful  new experience for me. I have never before met so many people and I didn't now that is so hard to keep everything in order during  a  concert. Now I  know  that everything  needs   patience , time and hard work before someone  sings  any record on  stage . The people were  wonderful , they  were  helping each other with everything and it was a lot    easier to do. It is  a  very nice feeling when you need help and  there   are  so many people  who  want to help you. I will never forget this concert and those people. It was good experience which I will never forget. I hope I will be able to do it again.
 Dear  Madam
I'm writing to you in reply to your letter. I was really  surprised  when I opened it. I look  forward  to going to the Camp California in the USA. I would like to travel only in July because my family is going to visit me  (on*/in)  August and I will have to look after them. I prefer staying in  tents  to staying in log cabins , because  it  reminds  me  of  my childhood. I used to  go  with my friends to  a  camp,  which  was  situated   (on*/by)   the  seaside.
We    always  enjoyed  ourselves. Never had I  had  such a great time. From  your  list of activities I choose sailing and climbing. I'm keen on sailing, it is my favourite sport. I find it very  appealing . I have been sailing since my father    bought a boat in 1980, when I was only five years old. However, I have never taken part in any competitions connected with this sport. For me it is only a hobby. Last year I took up climbing and I want to carry on learning this sport.
I would like to ask what kinds of clothes  I should  take with me ,  and I wonder if  prices  are high there.
Yours faithfully
Angelina
I used to like shopping, but recently I came across many  disadvantages  of this activity. Most people think that if they have got money they will buy everything    they want. It isn't true.  Nowadays  we have many big shopping  centres . We like them because everything is  (on*/in)  one place. The most suitable time for shopping is  the   weekend  when parents don't work and children haven't got    school. Because of that ,  shopping  centres  are  overcrowded . You can't buy something in  a   peaceful  and calm  atmosphere . In addition ,  in  this  kind of shops  prices  are very high, of course not all of them. However such  centres  are very useful and necessary.  In  my opinion the worst thing which may  happen  is  an   extremely   long   queue   (to*/for)  the changing room. It is really exhausting. Afterwards you are all in. Nevertheless sometimes shopping  can  be enjoyable. If you bought something  gorgeous , you  will  be very happy. On balance I think that shopping should be a nice thing so if you  are in   a  bad mood don't go shopping.
I'm so happy that I've won 2 weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. At first I couldn't  believe  that I was a  winner 
I would like to travel  (at*/to)  the Camp in July, if    possible. This is just one  month  which  I have   free .
I'm a student. My school  starts  in September and it finishes in June. July is  the   month  when I'm having a rest and I'm doing nothing. In August I'm working in  a  shop which is my  sister's . If I could go in July  that  would be  grate .
I can sleep in  a  tent, it would  remind  me  of  a good time which  I   had  with my friends a few years ago. I'm not scared of darkness, rain, cold or hot  weather . I'm sure  it  would be good fun;  sleeping  next to each other telling  scary   stories .  It is  good for  making  friends, you can know them better doing everything together.
Also I know that I have the chance to do two activities while I'm at the Camp. I would like to choose basketball. This is  a  sport which I ,,love". I  have been playing  basketball since I was 12. Some of my friends say that I'm  a  very good player, but I don't think so.
Another sport which I'd like to do is swimming.  I'm not as good at swimming  as  I am   (in*/at)  basketball, but I'd like to practise more and maybe learn something new about it.
I would like to ask you, what sort of clothes  should  I take with me? I don't want  to take  too much; jeans, jumper, swimming  costume , T-shirt, sports shoes I think should  be  O.K.
 Now , I can  hardly  wait for July
Hi Kim!
How are you? I'm fine. I'm so  excited . Last month I was helping at a pop concert with a few friends of mine. It was  a  Tina Turner concert!  (To*/At)  this moment when  I think  of it I want  to shout .
At first I was helping to  sell  the tickets -  it  wasn't difficult. Anyway, four hours   before  the  concert had started, I was helping with  the  lights. We had to check  every  plug, switch,  light . I couldn't  believe  how big  a  lamp can be. That's why singers are hot. When  the  concert had started and Tina  came  out I forget about lights,  I was just  looking at her.  Fortunately  nothing had  happened .  Everything  was O.K
After  the  concert we were invited    backstage.  Then  I could see her very, very  clearly .
 Only  people who  were  helping and  organizing  this concert could meet her. Some of them were speaking with her, I wasn't this lucky person, but still I'm happy, that I could be  there .
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I AM REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC ABOUT THE PRIZE I'VE WON .  I'M WRITING TO GIVE YOU THE INFORMATION YOU ASKED ME FOR AND, IF IT'S POSSIBLE, TO HAVE SOME FURTHER DETAILS ABOUT THE CAMP.
I WOULD PREFER TRAVELLING IN JULY, BECAUSE I HAVE MY EXAMS IN JUNE AND I'VE SIGNED    A CONTRACT  TO WORK  AS A SHOP ASSISTANT ,  STARTING IN AUGUST.
SINCE I HAVE  A  CHOICE  OF   ACCOMMODATION , I'LL  DEFINITELY  GO FOR THE  LOG CABIN , BECAUSE I CAN'T  BEAR  THE HEAT INSIDE  A  TENT.
OUT OF THE LIST OF ACTIVITIES GIVEN ,  I'VE CHOSEN GOLF AND PHOTOGRAPHY; GOLF BECAUSE I LOVE THE SPORT ALTHOUGH I DON'T GET TO PLAY IT MUCH (I'M NOT BAD AT IT), AND PHOTOGRAPHY BECAUSE IT'S SOMETHING I'VE ALWAYS  WANTED  TO LEARN BUT I'VE NEVER HAD THE CHANCE.
   I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU    ABOUT THE WEATHER CONDITIONS, SO I CAN DECIDE ON WHAT CLOTHES TO TAKE, AND ABOUT COSTS, SO I CAN MAKE A  BUDGET  FOR THE HOLIDAY.
YOURS SINCERELY
Angelo Costa
DEAR KIM,
I'M REALLY GLAD YOU WROTE TO ME TO ASK HOW EVERYTHING HAD GONE AT THE CONCERT; SO I'M GOING TO TELL YOU HOW THINGS WENT.
MY JOB MAINLY INVOLVED HELPING TO  BUILD  THE STAGE AND TO TAKE IT DOWN AFTER THE CONCERT, BUT I ALSO GAVE A HAND BACKSTAGE WHEN NEEDED.
I WAS PART OF THE STAFF .  WE ALL HAD A SPECIAL PASS    AND THEY ALSO GAVE US A T-SHIRT AND A CAP (I'VE GOT AN EXTRA ONE FOR YOU); OUR WORK STARTED TWO DAYS BEFORE THE CONCERT, AND I MUST SAY IT WAS REALLY HARD,  ESPECIALLY  BECAUSE WE WORKED  (UNDER*/IN)  THE SUN, FROM 8.00 A.M TO 8.00P.M. WITH AN  HOUR'S   BREAK  FOR LUNCH AND IT WAS THE SAME AFTER THE CONCERT.
AFTER THE STAGE WAS  BUILT , THE REST OF THE THINGS I HAD TO DO WERE QUITE EASY AND ENJOYABLE; I COULD STAY EITHER  BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF THE  STAGE AND GIVE A HAND IF NEEDED .  I REALLY ENJOYED IT BECAUSE I LEARNT A LOT OF  TECHNICAL  THINGS I DIDN'T KNOW; AND WHAT I ALSO ENJOYED WAS THE GOOD PAY!
Lots of love
Angelo.
13, June 2000
Dear Sir or Madam,
Firstly I would like to thank you for the two weeks that I am going to  spend   (in*/at)     Camp California
Secondly, I will be able to travel  (on*/in)  July because I am a manager so I  cannot  travel another time. Now I am going to answer a few questions: I think it is better for me to stay in a log cabin because I have terrible backaches so I  cannot  sleep on the floor. I would like to sing and  take   photographs  .  I've done a course  (about*/in)  photography and I think that I am very good  (on*/at)  it.  On the other hand , I  cannot  sing very well but I would like to do this  activity  there.
I would like to know  what  type of clothes I  should  wear there .  Would  you check the weather forecast for me, please? And how much money  am I  going to need to have there with me?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely.
Maria Sophia Candoso.
the lost wallet
A long time ago, when I started working, I received my first  paycheque  and went to a shopping center to spend my money  (with*/on)  my credit card. I bought everything I wanted.
 Finally  the day to pay my credit card  arrived  and where was my money? I started to look    everywhere.  I asked  my mom and my friends and  nobody knew  where it was. My mom said:
' You told  me that you were going to put it in your wallet.'
I started to look for my wallet and I couldn't find it,  lighter . Now I was without my money and my wallet. What could I do?
Suddenly the door bell rang. I went to see who was there. It was  an  old woman asking who  Maria was .
' That's  me!' I said.
That's when she showed me my wallet and said she had found it on the  seat   (of*/at)  the  eating-place   (of*/at)  the shopping center that I went  to  that day!
Dear Helen Ryan
 I  was so happy when  I   found out  that  I  won first prize in your competition.  I  hope that it will be  a  good gift for me from your organization.
You asked me when  I   would  like to travel?  I   would  like to travel   only in July because in  August   I  must go to my  grandmother's  and help    her to gather a harvest of  fruit .  I'd  prefer  to take  a tent because it is more romantic and exciting  to spend  nights in  a  tent.  And  with the tent  I  can go to  another  place  (of*/in)  the camp.  When  it  rains  it is not comfortable, but I like it.  I  want to do    activities  like  basketball , because   I  think it is  a   teenager's  game.  And   I  like painting because  I  like to paint    nature, sea,  mountains .  I  often go to    exhibitions of paintings of modern artists. But  I  like different  styles  of art.  I  think I'll enjoy this  trip .
 I   want  to know some  information  about it.
Can  I   stay  more then two weeks if  I  like it?
 What  day  can I  start my  trip ?   In  what conditions  will it  be  spent  ?  And   the last one  , how  much money  should I  take there?
 I'm   really   looking  forward  (for*/to)  your answers.  And   I  hope to see you soon. Bye
 Yours   sincerely  Gubin.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
 I   abolutely  agree with  this  , because   I  have my own  experience  of shopping. For  example  ,   recently   I  was shopping at the market, which  is located  in the  centre  of our town.  And  what do you think? When  I  was there  I  saw  a  very  beautiful  T-shirt.  I  asked my mother to buy it. But my mother said: " I  haven't enough money to buy it".  I  was  upset   (of*/about)  it. Our  government   is  very  bureaucratic . Our ministers  are   really  criminal . They     often  break  the law,  stealing  money.  For  example ,  Paul Kozin  stole  800000000 dollars. Because of it our  state  can't pay    workers  (of*/in)  schools,  hospitals ,  on building sites .  In  our country  there is a  high  number   of   unemployed .  Often  people can't buy a piece of bread.  And  they ask for money  (to*/from)   other  people.  My  parents can't buy me  all what  I  want our society our full .  Each  man  thinks  only about himself.  The quality  of life  is  very low.
But  I  hope that  there  will be  a  time when each person can buy    himself everything that he or she  wants    and  shopping  will  always be  enjoyable.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have received your letter: I was very glad to know that I have won two weeks at Camp California. I have to take part in basketball competitions all year long, except during July, so  that  is the only month in which I can travel. I would be grateful if I could  stay  in a log cabin: I would prefer not to stay in a tent because of my height ;  I am so tall that I could never stand up. I would like to play basketball because my trainer said that it would be  advisable  not to stop  training     during July. I can play basketball very well .  I would be grateful if you could teach me to play golf. I have never  tried  this sport, so I can't play golf at all.
Would you mind sending me some information about the kind of clothes I will need? I would like to know how much money you suggest  bringing . I would be grateful to receive some information about the meals at the camp and I hope that it will not be a problem for you if I am a vegan.
I am looking forward to hearing from you,
Yours sincerely,
Elena Pabori
I think that if we want to show the good points of our typical  school day , we should film the large number of  sports  activities that this school organises because students are compelled by them to come to school with enthusiasm.
Only  those  who  get  good marks can take part in  these  activities, so  sports  activities are seen as a prize, so while the students are playing  basketball , tennis, volleyball... or they are swimming you can see satisfaction on their faces, and our volleyball team is excellent. It would be nice to film an Ancient Greek  poetry  lesson because  the  Ancient Greek teacher is very good at explaining; she is excellent at catching our attention and she wants everyone to tell the class the impressions and  emotions  they have reading Saffo, Alceo, Alcmone....
In my opinion we should film  a  science lesson, so that our teacher, listening to her own statements could realise that they make no sense!
Dear Helen Ryan,
I would like to thank you for  the  first prize in your competition :  two weeks at Camp California in the USA. I  am   pleased  to  accept  this prize.
As you said, you need some further information. First of all, I would like to travel in July . At  present, I am doing an art course at college. So I won't be able to have a holiday until then.
I would rather stay in log cabins than tents. I have some  trouble   (on*/with)  my back . Therefore  I can't sleep in  a  sleeping bag on the ground.
Furthermore, I would love to do  basketball  and  painting  activities while I am at the  camp . I am a member of  the  college  basketball team  ,  which became the best  basketball team  of last year. Secondly, I want to do painting ,  which I am really interested in    as a student  (of*/at)   art college .
Lastly, I would like to learn    what kinds of clothes I have to bring with me and how much money (American currency - dollars) I'll need to have while I'm there.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
I would like to thank you for your letter ,  which I received yesterday ,  and I wanted to reply as soon as possible.
I know you want to  hear about  what I did and how I helped people at the pop concert last month.
As you know, our college was chosen to be there and help the singers and the musicians out. When I first arrived there I was pretty nervous and excited. My friends and I  were  taken    backstage where we met the members of West Life, Elton John and Robie Williams. I even  got  a bunch of flowers from them with a "thank you" letter.
What we all did was  make  many cups of  coffee  and help to find their missing socks or any other  clothing . What I realised was they were not different from any of us but they were called  celebrities .
I particularly liked listening  to  their musicians when they played the piano, clarinet, drums,  violin  etc , which  was  really  great ,  and also to be able to meet these famous singers made me realise we can achieve whatever we want.
Lots of love,
Dear Helen Ryan
I am very happy and excited because I have won first prize in  your  competition. It is a pleasure for me. I am writing to enquire    about some  doubts  and to give  the  information that you need about me.
I have been working hard here in Portugal and I will be on holiday just    next  July . Because of  this  I believe  this  is the best  time  for  me   to travel  You asked me about  accommodation   at  Camp California. I would prefer to stay in  a   tent  because I suppose I will have more contact with natural things than in  a   log cabin .
Another question that you asked me was about two activities I will have the chance to do there. I would love  to play  tennis and basketball ,   which  I've been playing for six years. About tennis, I just started to play last year and I need to  improve  my technique  a lot .
I would like to know something about money and clothes. Are they  included  in the prize? How much money  can I   spend  during this time? I'd  prefer   it  if you  gave  me this information as soon as you can.
I am  looking  forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely
Rui Veloso
Dear Kim,
I am very happy with your letter that I received last week. I'm  really  excited and I have to tell you about a fantastic experience that I had last month.
I suppose you know about  the  "Portugal Pop Concert" that happened here in Rio de Mouro last month,  don't  you?
It was a marvellous concert and there were about 100,000 people there. I worked as a receptionist in the  VIP  room and I needed to look very happy    all  the  time,  which  wasn't very difficult. You  won't  believe how many famous people I  met . I met Madonna and could talk with her for ten minutes. It was a dream and she was amazing  with me .
I didn't tell you, but I helped  (in*/at)  this concert just  by chance . A friend of  mine  gave up one week before and asked me if I would like to go in his place. I said "yes" and I am sure it was the best decision of my life.
Of course I was very tired at the end of five days because of some  stressful  situations. However,  those  days were  unforgettable   (to*/for)  me.
Hope to  hear  from you soon
With best wishes,
Rui
Dear Helen Ryan
I  have  received your letter .  I am very happy to have won the first  prize .
I would like to go in July after taking my examination at    college  (in*/at)  the end of June. So it is impossible for me to go  earlier .
I would prefer to stay in a tent to  staying in  a cabin .  Because it is something I feel  more   familiar   with  .  I used to go camping with my family every summer.
I am quite good at swimming. I won the first  prize  at the Regional Championship six years ago. But I think I'd rather do other activities  which  you  list  in your letter ,  like tennis. I have been playing this game with my friends and I like it.
I would be  pleased  if you  could  give me some more information about the accommodation, and some  advice  about the  clothing  ( shal ) I should wear and how much money I should take with me.
 Yours  faithfully
Shopping is not always enjoyable .   It's   not even  healthy for your pockets.
I just wonder how much time we spend shopping at the supermarket or how much time we spend buying  clothes .
Me ,  for example, I don't particularly like shopping . When  I go on my own, it can be  boring .
My sister loves shopping . She  could stay  in a shop all day trying on clothes .
I    agree that    most    people enjoy buying  clothes , food, something for the house ,  presents   etc . Because  it  is something  that  goes with their culture.
 Sometimes  you can stay  out all day  just to buy a present for someone . It   starts  in the morning, and of course you have    breakfast somewhere, and it  gets  later and you  are  still looking for it ,  so you have    lunch,  and   finally  you  spend  more money than you thought  you would. 
Dear Helen,
I learnt from  your  letter that I've won the first prize. I  felt how  lucky  I was . I  understand  you want to know when  I am  available to set off and where I'd like to stay.
First of all I will be able to go  to   the  U.S.A  only  in July because of my university. I am studying Economics and I am very busy nowadays. My exams will have finished at the end of June. I will only be able to set off in July and  also I  will give my thesis to my teacher in August. This holiday will help me to think  about   it  and prepare it. I'd prefer  to stay  in  a  log  cabin  because I need a proper place to  stay  and study  in . Basically, I don't like staying in a small tent. When I get  to  the camp, I'd like to swim and climb. I used to climb mountains and am good at climbing. I am fond of swimming but unfortunately I am not a good swimmer.
I'd like to ask some questions <NS type="M"></NS> which I want to know. Is there  a  toilet and shower in the log cabins or somewhere nearby? Do I have to bring any special clothes? Do you have any idea what  the weather is  going to be  like ? How much  money  do you recommend me to bring with me? Is the camp close to  a  town or city? Will you provide me  with  an instructor when I climb and swim?
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
I haven't written  to  you for ages. I do apologise for this. How are you? How is your new school and  your  parents? I hope we can catch up with each other's news.
Last month I helped the service crew at a pop concert. It was unbelievable ,  and tiring as well. I saw all the pop bands and singers. I heard them talking  backstage . They signed my diary and  had their photo taken  with me. Being a security guard was the hardest task. Carrying big speakers  from  place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of  laughs . Believe it or not ,  I put  make-up  on one famous singer's face. I was just walking down by  the  dressing room  and   the  manager  asked     if I could help them. I couldn't believe my  ears . I was in her room    helping her.  I especially  liked that time. I advise you to do something like that. I'm going to help them again.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Helen
I am very surprised     to have  received your letter in which you explained to me that I have won  a  prize in your competition. After that, I would like to say Thanks, I  have never  won any  prizes  at all.
Now, I will answer your  questions . In reference  (about*/to)  the date of    travel, I would like to travel in July because at the moment I am working at    University and I only have July to take my holidays.
As  you  state in your letter I have to choose the  type of accommodation . I would prefer to stay in  a   tent  because since I was a child I have  been  using this type of accommodation. I used to go     camping .
About camp activities ,  I would prefer to do basketball and photography. I have  chosen  these activities because  these days  I am playing  (with*/on)   the  university team, and photography is my  favourite  hobby. I have recently bought a new camera.
Finally let me know what kind of clothes will be the most suitable at camp. Is  it   necessary   to bring   any  money   ?
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
I am  writing  to you  to tell   you  about my experience at a pop concert.
It began when  our   mutual   friend  Martha    offered  me  the chance  to  help organise  the concert . Obviously  I accepted. Now I can tell you that it was an  amazing   challenge  for me because I  had never done  anything like that.
My duties  as  a  staff  member were  various  . The   first  day I had to pick the bands up  (at*/from)  the airport,  and  for  this  I hired a van. The following day I was the person who  provided  the meals for all the    staff and  also  every day I was     backstage  supporting the catering staff.
 I am particularly  pleased to  have   known  the most popular pop stars in the world.
 Hoping  to hear from you
Best wishes
Dear   Helen Ryan
Thank you very much for the prize  (at*/from)  camp California in America.
 Regarding  the time that I would like to travel ,   it  must be  (on*/in)  July only. This is because my  A-level  exams  are  coming up so I really need  time  to revise, and July is the only  month  that I am free.
 As to  accommodation, I  would  prefer to stay in a tent. This is because it is my first  chance  to see  the  outside world by myself so I need to gather up new experiences. I have never ever stayed in a tent before but some of the people I know said that it is fun and much more  exciting .
As I am a person who  loves     doing activities,    I would like to choose to do sailing and photography.    I used to take a photography course at my school and my teacher taught me well about taking  photos . Also I  have tried     to sail before, but I am not  perfectly  good at it, but I  would  love to sail more.
Finally, I would like to ask about what kind of clothes    I need to bring . And   about  money, do I need much of  it ? Please, give me  some   advice  about these  things .
 Yours  faithfully
Dear   Kim
How are you? I have written to you to tell you about the greatest experience that I  have ever had .
Last week I offered    to help the others at the concert and it was amazing. I couldn't  believe  how close I was to the band. There were so many youngsters at the concert, but because I was the youngest in  the   helping  team    I guess that I was the luckiest at that moment.
 The  concert  went  very well and I enjoyed it so much. Later on the band took a break for ten or fifteen minutes, so I served them with glasses of fizzy drink and chocolate bars, biscuits and sandwiches. You will not believe how close I was to the singers.
After  the  break, the  band   had  to  carry  on  with  the concert for another    hour and a half. People    backstage ,  including me ,  were helping to clean up all the stuff and <NS type="M"></NS> ready for the end of the concert.
 When  the band finished the concert, we  had  to  serve  them drinks again and  help  to  clean  the stage. Afterwards, I  had  a chance to  have photos taken  with them and  get  their autographs etc.
It was  an  enjoyable time in my life and  I  wished that you were there with me.  (From*/Through)  this letter, I am sure that you  will  be able to share this experience with me.
Lots of Love
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am very pleased to hear that I have won first prize in your competition and  am  writing to you to offer additional information, as requested.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because I am planning to visit my Mum in Korea in August. I also prefer staying in log cabins to tents. I have once experienced  having  been soaked while I was sleeping in a tent  due  to heavy rain several years ago.  One  more reason is that I do not want to miss the chance to stay in a log cabin, which I have been dreaming  of  for a long time. How romantic it will be! As for my activities, as I took up playing golf  when  I was a child and now, I am a single-handicapped player, so I want to have  a  chance to play golf at camp. Moreover, I am very good at singing as well as playing the piano. In fact I have been playing the piano for  a  children's choir for 5 years.
Additionally ,  I would like to know which kind of clothes I should  pack . What's the weather like in California? How much money should I bring with me for  the   two-week  stay?
I would be really  grateful  if you could send me some information or any relevant brochure.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
How are things these days? Sorry not to write  to  you for a long time. I've been busy preparing  for  English exams.
You remember I helped people at a pop concert as a nurse last month? You can't imagine how happy I am to have had such a wonderful  opportunity .
As you know, I've not been keen on pop music - I've always thought it was not only noisy but also even rubbish. It was not until the concert that I became a pop  maniac . It was really great to have talked with famous pop singers, bands, and TV stars. When a member of Venga boys came to the emergency center for the treatment of  an  electric shock  (on*/to)  his finger, I felt I was short of breath. We usually are apt to think famous stars to be arrogant and nasty, but they weren't at all. It was absolutely our prejudice. They were very kind, soft, well-behaved, even modest. Their attitudes towards people, their costumes, their songs - everything was really fantastic. Fortunately there were few emergency  accidents  so I could enjoy the concert without a  hurry . I was definitely over the moon!
I hope you can go  to  the next concert with me. Longing     to hear  from you.
Love,
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have happily received your reply    and I want to thank you for this  marvellous  prize you have given me. Now to answer your questions, I can only travel in July because that's the only  month  of the year I can get out of working for more than two weeks. I would like a log cabin because I think you should  provide  me  with  good accommodation and not just a tent to sleep in, with no electricity  or  entertainment. I would like to play basketball and tennis   . I am a regular basketball player. Most of the time I play as a slammer and I do feel that I'm reasonably good  (in*/at)  it.  As to  tennis I'm the best player  (of*/in)  my whole school and ,  once, I got  (to*/into)  the top 10 of my  country's     tennis  players .
I would like to ask you what type of clothes  I should  bring?  How much money should I bring  ?  Would $200 be enough? Well that's all for now and I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Basilio Romero
Dear Kim,
How are you? I have just received your letter and let me tell you what you missed over here. You should have been here, it was amazing. The concert began at 8:00 p.m but my friends and I had to be there by 2:00 pm to help set up the stage. We started by putting up the lights. We had to climb up to 15m to put up those lights and afterwards the band didn't even use them. Well, we also had to carry all the instruments up  (to*/onto)  the stage and ,  believe me, that was the hardest bit of all. They were extremely heavy and there were a lot of them on the bus. After helping to do that and many other things, my friends and I watched the concert and before Green day (the group) left, they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did, and  shook  our hands. I'll never wash my  hand  again. Well that's all the time I've got for you now. Hope to hear from you soon.
Basilio Romero
Dear Ms Ryan,
I am the person who won your competition and I am writing in reply to your letter.
First of all, I can travel only in  July  because that is the only time when I am free from my examinations.
I prefer staying in a tent as I am used to it and find it more comfortable.
The two activities I would like to do in the camp are swimming and photography. I am a good swimmer and I  have  some  experience  in photography . However  ,  I have  a lot  to learn.
Finally, I have got two questions to ask you. How much money and  how many  clothes should I take with me?
I am very grateful for your prize and looking forward to visiting the camp.
Yours sincerely
I think that bits from the whole school day should be filmed. This will show how the school lives.
In the morning prefects make sure that everybody is awake and    up. At the assembly students are told about changes in the timetable and activities for the whole day.
In the computing department  students  learn about  information  technologies. The main job of the head of the computing department is not to teach but to keep the computers working properly.
Maths is the most popular subject in the school. Mathematics teachers do  a  great deal of work and have almost no time to prepare lessons.
In the chemistry lab experiments are often set up. The teacher looks after the  pupils  while they are investigating the topic of the lesson.
Meals are very important.  The kitchen  staff works hard to provide students with  a  variety of food.
The video can  finish  with a view of the school from outside.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have just read your letter and    would be grateful if you could give me more information about the two weeks at camp California in the USA.
I am a  nineteen-year-old   girl  who is still attending classes at Saint John's School. For the past four years I have been playing tennis and I have also done some courses  (about*/in)  painting.
I would appreciate  it  if I could travel  (on*/in)  July because my school gives me two  weeks' summer holiday . As far as accommodation is  concerned , I prefer staying in a  log  cabin. I believe it is better than a tent because  that would not provide   enough shelter . As I said before, I have been playing tennis for four years. I consider myself to be good at this sport. As  regards  painting, I know a lot  about it  since my grandmother  taught  me when I was five years old.
It would be very kind of you to let me know about the clothes you think it  will  be necessary for me to take and how much money I will need.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear kim,
I'm sorry I haven't written to you before but I have been very busy helping at  Mano's  concert.
Do you remember when I told you that my dream was  to help   Mano's  group? Well, my dream  came  true.  It all  started when I was  (in*/at)  Drama Club and my singing teacher told me that  Mano's  group were going to have a concert here, in Argentina. She also told me that she  has  some  connections  with the people in charge of the lights  (of*/at)  the concert. You know that last year I  organised  the lights  (in*/at)  our performance. So, there I was,  controlling  the illumination  (in*/of)  Mano's concert!!!!
I will never forget that wonderful experience.  It   has really helped  me for our next performance  (in*/at)  the Drama Club. It was so exciting to see     Mano's     singer that I felt as if I were in heaven!!
Please write  to  me as soon as you can.
Best wishes,
Dear Helen Ryan
I am writing to provide you with the information that you require to arrange my  two-week   holiday  at Camp California in the U.S.A . 
I would like to travel in July because, as I am working, this is the only time that I have to go on  holiday .
About the  accommodation , I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because I have  a  bad back and I think that  sleeping  in a tent could be not just uncomfortable but also painful for me.
You also told me that I would have the chance of doing two activities. I would like to go climbing, because it is something that I have been doing since I was a child, so I could consider myself an expert in it. And I would like to try golf because this is a sport that I have never  done  but I have always wanted to try.
Finally, I would like to enquire about how much money I should take with me and also what kind of clothes would be most suitable to wear.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely.
It is said that shopping is becoming a new way of life for more and more people in the developed countries. Many people  forget  so many other activities for the pleasure of buying as many things as they can afford. Let us then ask: 'Is this  activity  always enjoyable?'
Nobody can deny that the main advantage of going shopping is the fact that, to do so, you do not need to make any effort.  Far from the  strength   that  doing  a sport or even going to work  requires , going shopping is something you can do either on your own or with all your family and it could not be easier; you only need a good pair of shoes and a wallet full of money.
However, this apparently  quiet  and relaxed  activity  can sometimes turn into a living hell; you may only be able to go shopping at the weekend and then, if you do go, you will find yourself in the middle of a huge crowd of people, unable to get to any product or even shop and feeling dizzy  (by*/with)  the mixture of smells that come from the people. Nevertheless the worst will come when you lose the youngest member of your family and you have to spend the whole day looking for him/her.
On balance I would say that although it is true that shopping    is not a difficult  activity , it is also true that  it  is  definitely  not an enjoyable one.
Dear Miss Helen Ryan
I was so  surprised  to hear from you. I couldn't believe that I had won the first prize  (on*/in)  the competition. I'm so happy because it is the first time that I  have won  something.
Here    is all your information. I would like  it  if  I  could  have  my vacation     (on*/in)  July because  it  is the only time of the year that my  employer   will  let me have a vacation. As for the accommodation I would prefer the tent because it  will be   the  first time that  I've been     camping and I would like to see  how the real life is . I was so thrilled when I saw that I could do some activities  as well . I would like to choose swimming and    climbing. I'm a very good swimmer but I don't know anything about climbing . That's  why I  chose  it because I want to try something  new .  Finally  I would like to ask you about my clothes and  what the weather is going to be like  and what kind of clothes I must  take  with me. That is all.
Thank you for making my dream come true . 
Yours sincerely
Everyone has likes and dislikes. But  no one   does  what he likes all the time. There  are  times  when  you have to do something even if you don't like it, and times  when  you are doing what you like but not  at  the time you  would  like  to . What I'm trying to say is that I like to shop but I can't do that all the time. First because I'm not so rich and second because I don't enjoy  shopping  all the time. Nothing in life is always enjoyable ,   not  even the things we enjoy  doing , and that's how life is. You say you enjoy shopping .  I understand but life goes on . You  can't do the same things every day.  Live  your life and try to do different things and you will see that  doing  different things is exciting and more fun. You don't have to be bored with the same old things.
Because as I said  doing  what you like is good only if you do it when you like    and how you like    and remember if you have  a  long time to do something    you enjoy it more.
Dear
Mrs. Helen Ryan:
I've  received  your letter and I'm very happy to know that I won the competition and the first prize.
In answer to your  question , I will have to say that I  can only  go to the  camp   (on*/in)  July because of my job ;  they only gave me that month  off .
In the camp I would like to stay in  a   log cabin  because I hate to sleep  badly  and   I will if I stay in a tent.  In  your letter, you asked me to choose two of your activities. I  would   prefer  to do some climbing because that's what I do in my spare time and I do it quite well. Apart from that, if you give surfing classes I would love to take them; surfing is one of my chilhood  dreams  that    never came true.
I have a few questions that you might be able to answer   . I don't know what  type  of clothes    I have to take  or  the amount of money that I'm going to spend, so if you ,  please ,  could help me  by  giving me this information I would be very pleased.  I'm  looking forward to  going  to the camp and hearing from you soon
Yours sincerely
Carmen Garcia.
 Shopping  is not always enjoyable.
We  have all  been  shopping  once in our  lives  and sometimes it probably has not been very enjoyable, why?  We  had a class discussion and we all agree  (in*/on)  some points.
For example ,  if we go to a big mall we will probably never find what we  are  looking for, and instead of  buying  what we came for we will  leave  with lots of things that we liked but we will never use. And that will be  a  waste of time.
Sometimes we have to take our little brothers with us, because our mother isn't home, and  that  is  when  the problems begin. Most of the  time   he   gets  lost, or they start  playing  around, making noise, bothering people, etc... And when this happens you get  (on*/in)  a bad mood and you'll have a bad  day shopping .
So if you want to have a good ,  relaxing  day shopping , we recommend you  don't go  with your little brothers and to go with  enough  time to look  around  for what you really want.
Dear Ms. Ryan,
I am writing to thank you  for   sending  me all the details about my prize and I'd like to give you  all the  information about the  journey will be done by myself .
I would like to travel at the beginning of the month,  which  could be between  the  first and  the   fifteenth  of  July , because afterwards I have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip.
 Regarding  accommodation, I'd prefer to stay in  a   log cabin . Although I like camping and sharing with different  kinds  of people, I'd prefer a  comfortable  and private place (if it's possible) where I can sleep, or be quiet.. I am not a teenager!
Really,  this prize is wonderful to have a healthy life . I want to do two activities :  painting and tennis. The first one is for my mental health .  I need a break  (in*/from)  my  lifestyle .  The  second one is just because I'm  a   fan  of that  sport  (really I'm not martine hingis).
 Eventually , I'd like to request     some  special food, because  I'm a  vegetarian   , besides I try to eat just organic food.
I hope my reply has been  helpful .
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
How are you doing? It  has  been a long time since the last time I wrote  to  you... I'm sorry. However ,  the reason is absolutely amazing. I was training to be a personal  assistant  to Madonna herself. Maybe   you don't believe me, but it's true.
I applied  (to*/for)  the job and she selected me  (between*/from)  hundreds of candidates (I don't receive  any  salary). My  job  is to help her during each concert. You know   she has a brilliant  act  where she must change her  costumes ,  make-up ,  the  scenery,   every time  ; so she needs a lot of people near.
My first job was  (in*/at)  the  Hillsborough  concert ( I think   you heard about it). I was running  the whole show  . My   responsibility  was to    dress her. I wasn't alone .  I worked with a staff of ten people. We had to take    some clothes  off   her  and then to put on  other   completely different ones    in just  a  few minutes (similar to Formula One).
I was exhausted when the concert finished . Anyway  it has been one of my best  experiences  and I'll remember  it  for  ever .
Finally, I send you all my positive energy and I am looking forward to receiving your  reply .
all the best.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing this letter to let you know my decision  (about*/in)   reply to  your letter, which I have received recently. I would like to thank you for  the  competition which was organised by your agency and I must say that I was very surprised when I received the result of the competition.
I think   I could have  a  holiday  only  in July because I will have been working  (in*/for)  my    company for one year by the end of the June and I will have a  one-month  holiday    from my company. I would    prefer to stay in  a  tent than  stay  in the log cabin because  a  tent is more enjoyable.
I might say that I am really good at swimming and  sailing  because I have been  doing  these kinds of activities for five  years  and I  have had   a  really good training  (about*/in)   water sports .
Should I take my clothes with me or are they  provided  in the camp  placement ? Also, how much does it cost ? 
I am looking  forward  to  hearing  from you.
Yours faithfully,
Dear Kim
I hope you and all your family are well and everything is  OK . I'd like to tell you about  the  exciting experience I had last month during a pop concert. I wish you  had been  there and  seen  the concert, it was really brilliant.
As you know ,  I'd never been to any activities  as     a  volunteer  before. The concert tickets were very expensive and I'd seen an  advertisement  on     TV . It said, " Be  a  volunteer   (for*/at)  our concert and get a free ticket ."  After that I applied and they accepted my application.
You should have seen  it , there was  a  really terrible rush before  the  concert and everybody was  running  around  doing  something. I helped to carry huge speakers to the concert venue.  Then  I was told to stay in front of the entrance    and check the tickets. Some people tried to enter without  a  ticket but they weren't allowed <NS type="M"></NS> by  the  police.
Finally, I helped them    and  in return I had  a  good experience as well as  enjoying  listening  to   the  music.
Love
Austria, 13th June 2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I refer to your letter in which you informed me that I have won the first  prize  in the competition. You asked me for some further information and  here  are my " desires ":
I would like to travel only in July because in August I have to study for an exam. Further I would prefer to  stay  in a tent at the  camp , because I am already used to that, because I often  spend  my holidays in tents. I would like to do painting, because one of my greatest hobbies is  silk painting  and so I think I can improve my abilities. The second activity   which I choose is playing basketball, because I love this wonderful sport. We always play it at school and I am very good at it. I am in our  school basketball team .
I hope that you are now well informed and I would like to ask you  what  clothes and how much money I should bring with me.
Thank you very much .  I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Austria, 13th June 200
Dear Kim,
I hope you are fine. You know, last month I helped at a pop concert and I am sure you want to know some details.
My first task was to open the doors to let in all the  Britney Spears fans . I stood at the  entrance  and  there  I had to check the tickets. Two girls came together and they wanted to go in with only one ticket for both  of them ! I had to tell one of them   that she had to leave. She started crying. Such a poor girl !  At  that  moment I didn't like my position.
My second task was    to look in all the  fans' bags  to  confiscate  "dangerous" items .  I saw really funny things like  toothbrushes  in the bags. This part of my work was really funny and I enjoyed it.
Summing up ,  I can say that it was a fantastic day, because Britney sang so  beautifully  and the performance was also super.
I hope you can imagine  what  a wonderful day it was for me.
Yours
Dear  Ms  Helen:
I hope you  are  well. Thank you for this prize, I'm really  excited  and  emotional .  To answer  your  question    , I would like to travel only  in  July because    I'll  be on vacation until August and I think  that  is the best month to travel.  According to my great experience on climbing , I prefer  to stay  in log cabins because in tents we can't sleep or  cope  well with  the  cold! Never the less ,  in summer we can't resist such  heat !
In  reference to  your activities option, I would say that climbing is one of my first  options , as I've mentioned ,  and I really think that photography will help me in my other adventures.
I would like to ask if we need  any  money     to pay   for  or  buy   anything  because you didn't specify what is included in the trip, such as food.
I really  appreciate  this kind of trip and I'm really  grateful   for  your    attention.
Yours  sincerely  , 
Camila Playhouse.
The truth  (of*/about)  Shopping
Shopping... a great and  emotional  statement, don't you think?  Everyone   thinks  that shopping  is  the best way to  get rid of  your problems and, in fact a big solution  (of*/to)  many  problems  or  estrés , boring, or only for distraction.
But the question is:  why   is shopping  not always enjoyable?   For many people, shopping  has  always been only for one kind of elite, or social class; not all people can go shopping and buy hundreds and thousands of  things  in those big malls as  a  distraction. Let's talk about women; nightmare!  Women  can't resist the  temptation  of shopping and they are  disappointed  when they don't have the  desire  to shop.
 Shopmania  is really  unstoppable . I know women  who   do  everything they can to buy only a dress, or even  worse , women  who  buy things  they have no use for , for example,  snap ,  sculptures , kitchen tissues, or  everything   sold by  telemarketing that really  is   useless , but  they  cannot  resist the fact of it "being there." 
There are many facts to prove that shopping is not "pretty and  harmonious ",  so  believe me,  it  is not always enjoyable.
13, June, 2000
To Helen Ryan,
Hello, how are you? I'm fine. Thank you for the letter. I got it today and couldn't believe it!  You  asked me for some further information. I will write it down.
I'd like to travel in July and this is the only time I can travel, because I am busy with a school project until the end of June and I am  going  to work in a hospital for the summer holidays in August and September.
For accommodation, I prefer log cabins, because I believe I can meet more people if I stay in log cabins and it's a lot of fun to talk with them.
I'd like to play tennis and basketball while I am there. I have never played basketball, but I have played tennis for 6 years and I am a good player.
I have never  travelled  abroad and don't know if I should bring a credit card with me. If you have suggestions, can you write to me again?
Thank you again and  take care ,
Yours sincerely,
13 June, 2000.
Dear Kim,
Hi! How are you doing? I'm fine. As you asked me about the concert, I'll write about it today.
First of all, we cleared all the seats. There were so many seats that it took  a  long  time  to finish clearing. Before the concert started, we sold some snacks and drinks and after that, we stood in front of the audience to prevent them from moving forward. During the concert, all the fans try to get closer to the singers, jumping, shouting and so on and some of them faint when they get  too  excited. We move them to a safe place so that they won't be kicked or stepped on by other mad fans.
By the time it finished, I was exhausted, but I certainly enjoyed this experience as you can meet many people at a time and what I liked most was that you can see famous stars very close and listen to their live music for free!
Have you had an interesting experience? Please write about it in the next letter.
I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours
Thank you for the letter you have sent recently. It was a surprise to  learn  that I won the first prize. The  reason  I am really writing,  however , is to give you some details  (of*/about)  my trip to California.
I'll be taking an English Examination at the end of June and I think it would be a good idea if I can travel in July because it's the only month I can spend abroad this year.
In the letter you said that  the  accommodation provided can be either  a   tent  or  a   log cabin . I would prefer to stay in  a   tent  so that I will have the chance to be in contact with    nature as well as the scenery around  the camp .
 The activities  I would like to choose from the activity list  are  singing (because I  belong to  a  choir  at school) and photography. I'm really good  at  taking pictures . It's  a way I have to express my feelings.
I wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes  we have   to bring . Do you think you could also let me know how much money we will need during our stay at the Camp.
I would be grateful if you could send me a brochure and a map showing where the camp is.
thanking you in anticipation.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
What a surprise it was to get  a  letter from you after all this time. Sorry I haven't written for so long but I was really busy trying to apply for a job. This is just to let you know with whom I worked.
In order to celebrate the  125th   anniversary  of the city, the  County  Council organised an open air concert. It was a summer night and all the citizens, as well as tourists, had the opportunity to attend. The pop band "Five" arrived  (into*/in)  town and needed people to help with not only the organisation but also  with   building  the stages and <NS type="M"></NS> sound. I knew some help was needed so I decided to speak to the manager. I couldn't believe  it  when he said: "O.K. ,  if you want to help, here is a list of what you can do." My job was to leave some leaflets  (on*/in)  shops, restaurants and  on the  streets.
Working with this band was an experience I will never forget. What I really enjoyed was  being  part of the staff.
Although I was  very   nervous , I knew I could do the job well.
I'd love to hear all your news . Why  don't you come and visit me? Perhaps I could show you the pictures I took.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Love from,
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
 I  am writing to reply  to  your questions about me. Firstly, I would like to thank you  ( about */for)  this big opportunity you  are giving  me to visit  such a  wonderful place  as  California.
I would like to travel only in July because my boss  cannot  give me  any   leave  for the other months  (of*/in)   summer .
Also, I prefer to stay in  a   tent  because I think it is a good chance for me to live with    nature and to wake up  hearing  birds which  are  singing. It will be nice!
Then you ask me which two activities I want to choose. To tell you the truth, I would prefer to do swimming and singing. I'm good  (in*/at)  both of these. I have been swimming for eight years! Also I like  music a lot  and everybody tells me that I have a good voice.
I would like  to ask  you about the weather. I want to know if I should bring warm clothes or not and how much money.
 Yours  sincerely
Dear Kim,
how are you? Thanks for  your  letter. It was good to hear from you now. As you know this  summer  I  am really enjoying  myself doing things I like a lot.
Last month, Alice and her friends  suggested   to  me  that   I   help  at a pop concert. The group which was singing was very famous and I was able to meet them and to chat about their plans for the future.
All I had to do was to prepare something to eat before the concert and to  check   the sound during it .
The concert lasted  for  hours and  (in*/at)  the end they wanted to pay me. I didn't want to take any money because I was so happy that I had seen the  Savage Garden concert     live and because that night was the best of my life.
But the thing I particularly liked about my experience   was the feeling when you are near and when you talk with      such  famous people .
OK! That's all for now. I'm waiting for your letter.
See you soon,
Margaret
xxx
P.S. I hope you will find the spare time to visit my country this  summer .
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you  very much  for your letter .  I am very happy  (of*/about)  having won the competition. I have several  things  to tell you and some questions about the camp.
First, I would like to travel in July because it is the only free month I have in the summer. I have exams in June and a  job  in August. Then, about accommodation, I would prefer a tent because I am used to  it . I have already been  (in*/to)   other  summer camps and I always choose this accommodation .  I find it more  sociable  than a log cabin.
I have chosen  (between*/from)  the activities  offered  to do photography .  I have already been  a member  of a photography club so I am experienced. I also would like to  do  climbing but I have never done it before.
Finally, I would like to know what sort of clothes do  you  advise me to bring to be  comfortable  during my activities and ,  as nearly everything is already paid  for , do I need to take a lot of money with me?
Thank you  very much  for all these details.
Yours sincerely
Jasmine Martin
Dear Kim,
I have a lot of different things to tell you about what happened at the concert. It was really an amazing experience.
First, I had to spend all  of  the day before the concert in the field where it  was to take  place .  I had to prepare  the stage a little  but ,  as I was not a profesional, I did not do much with the instruments. I tried to play the drums but I was  thrown off     the stage by a member of the group who was in a bad mood.
I  made  sandwiches for all the staff  (during*/for)   a  major part of the afternoon and then I sold tickets to the  audience  all    evening. I was very tired but when the concert began I felt excited because there were so many people dancing and singing in front of the stage.
As I was a volunteer I did not have to pay to  watch     the concert and after it I spent the rest of the night with the members of the group. That was the best.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours,
Brenda
13th June 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am  pleased  to have received your letter that informed me that I have won the first prize in your competition.
I am very happy to spend two weeks at Camp California, because I have never  been  to  the  U.S.A. I would prefer to travel only in July, because  I don't have to work  and because I would prefer to  stay  in  a  tent and so I think that  July  is the best  time  to spend two weeks in  a  tent. I have just been  staying  in  a  tent and I think it is always a beautiful and  interesting  adventure.
During the  holiday  I would do surfing and photography. I like very much to be alone with nature and when I was a girl, I  went   (to*/on)  a  surfing course  for five years and I won a lot of prizes. I  also like     photography because  they can be memories IN my future .
I would  like to  receive further information about  what  kind of clothes I should  wear  during my holiday and I would  like to  know if I should bring with me a lot of money.
Looking forward to spending my holiday in the USA ,  I wait  for  your letter.
 Yours   sincerely 
Guillelmina Farina.
Dear Kim,
I am afraid that I couldn't write  to  you  immediately , but last month I enjoyed helping at a pop concert and so I  was  very busy.
Even if the job was  very  hard, it was an  amusing  experience. I woke up at six a.m. and I worked until nine p.m. but it  wasn't  a problem for me, because I like spending my time with other people.
I particularly liked  meeting  people  (of*/from)  different countries and some pop-stars,  who  were friendly  (with*/towards)  us. I was surprised  (of*/at)  the co-operation that there was  during the job , because it was  like  a big family, where each member  helps   the  others.
There was a lot of work to do but we were happy to do it with  happy  people and at the end we had the  opportunity  to take part in the pop concert. It was wonderful!
Looking forward to  seeing  you as soon as possible.  I greet you .
Best wishes
Guillelmina
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I'm  writing  with reference to your letter.  I   was   really  thrilled, when  I   found out    that I won first prize in your competition. I always dreamed about going to    California and now my dreams are coming  true .
If it's possible, I would  only like to travel   in  July, because my school won't be finished earlier. I couldn't go  in  August, either, because I promised to go to Masurian Lakes with my friends.
If I had a choice, I would prefer to  stay  in  a  tent then in a log cabin. I can't imagine real holidays without a tent. It's one of the most important things for me, to have a chance to forget about all my present, luxurious life and try doing something different.
I would be very grateful, if you gave me  the  possibility of singing. I've always wanted to learn  to sing   professionally , but I've never had an  opportunity . I'm very keen on swimming, too. Normally, I live  (in*/by)  the seaside and I couldn't live without this sport. Last year I was even champion of my school in crawl for one hundred meters.   
I would like to ask you ,  what clothes should I take with me? My mother told me, that when she  was  there two years ago it was really hot. Should I take with me a lot of money? You know, I'm only a student.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Halina Lipnicka
Hallo, Kim!
Thanks for your last letter. I'm sorry I haven't  replied  sooner, but I was very busy. I must tell you that helping at pop concerts is very exciting, but very tiring too, so I had to rest.
You asked me about my experiences. Well, it was the best time of my life! I worked all  day , but I did it with pleasure.  We lived here in rush,  but there was a lot of fun, too. I was very surprised, when I saw that singers aren't so sophisticated and self-confident as they are  described  in the newspapers.
One day I was talking to Stenkovska, because I had to go to buy something to eat for everyone, so I  had to  ask her what    she  wanted . When she tried to  answer  me, one small child  took  her    picture with  a   flash . Imagine, she  wasn't  angry! She said he should do it again, because she had stupid features! If I were  her , I would kill that boy, but she was nice!
 Truly , my work here wasn't very important, but I  really  enjoyed it. I've met  so many new people here !  Sometimes somebody should on me,  but I have to say they are often right. Well, I made  a  couple  of  mistakes. The hardest was, when I brought a pepperoni pizza for kubulska, but she doesn't eat meat!
But,  luckily ,  it wasn't achieved with  success  of our concert . You have to admit, that the show was magnificent. I hope you had    great fun when you  were  watching us  (at*/on)  the TV set,  did  you?
O.K. That's all for today. I'll write  to  you again tomorrow, because now my Mom is angry, the  I am  not sleeping yet. Write soon! I  can  hardly wait. Give my best to your parents.
Hugs and kisses
Halina.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am writing in order to give you some further information that you  required  for    Camp California.
First of all, I would like to travel only in July due to my work commitment. I am  only allowed to take holiday  in July.
Concerning accommodation, I would prefer to stay in log cabins. Log cabins are bigger, more stable and usually more comfortable than tents.
As requested, I have  chosen  two activities - sailing and surfing. I am quite experienced  (in*/at)  surfing - I have participated  in  some competitions - whereas  I am  not at all experienced  (in*/at)  sailing.
I would like know if I need any particular clothes or if there could be any extra expenses for the camp. Also, I would like to know if there is going to be  a  qualified instructor for activities since I am a  beginner   (in*/at)  sailing as mentioned before.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Kan Seo
Dear Kim,
How are you? Thanks for your last letter. It was great to hear from you.
I'm sorry I haven't written before, but as you know, I've been very busy because I was helping at a pop concert last month.
I have thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I helped people setting  up  and decorating the concert hall which was great help for my major subject - You know that my subject is design. I also had to distribute the flyers.
What I particularly enjoyed was meeting the famous musicians I have been dreaming  of   seeing . The day I  shook  their hands,  I  thought  I was over the moon!  I will never forget that day.
Write  soon  and let me know what you have been doing.
Lots and lots of kisses,
Dear Sir or Madam
Thank you for the letter. It was great to hear from you. I was surprised that I have won.
By the way, I would like to travel in July, because  I just  have free time in July. Moreover, I am keen on    summer.
As can be seen from your letter, I can choose Accommodation. I would prefer to stay in tents. One reason why I choose tents is that I can feel  nature  more than  if  I stay in log cabins.
According to your letter, there are 10 main activities which I can choose 2 and play while I am on the holiday. I would like to play Basketball and Golf.  Both of them I am not as good as you expect,  but recently I have been  interested  in  them .
Finally, I would like to ask some  questions  such as  about  clothes and money. What kind of clothes are  much to the camp ? Furthermore ,  this is  the  first time I have been    abroad ,  therefore I don't know how much money I should bring.
I am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
Dear kim
How have you been doing recently ?  I have been busy anyway. I want to tell you how much I enjoyed helping at a pop concert.
It was  at the   beginning  of this summer. One of my friends suggested that we should have     a   part-time  job ,  which was that. Both of us are keen on pop music. Although at first I didn't  want  to do it, because it was in summer. It must have been hot.
 However , we decided to have the job, because of good money.
 However  ,  it was  a  great job .  I haven't hade such  a great  experience  before . I could see a great number of pop stars in front of us. Can you believe that ? 
My job just  to prepare   drinks  for them. Moreover ,  one of  the  famous stars gave me a  signature . I will never forget    that time.
I must sign off as I want to catch the post.
 Could you being  in touch and send back a letter.
A big hug from me
Dear Madam
I am writing to  provide  the  information  that you need from me.
First I would like to thank you for  organising  this competition and I would also like to thank you for the prize.
Answering your questions, I would like to travel only  in  July because this is the month of my  vacation . In July I will be free to travel anywhere I please.
According to your letter ,  I have two options  regarding  accommodation,  either  in tents or log cabins. I would prefer  a   tent  because I think that is something more exciting and new for me. I  have never stayed  in  a   tent  in the middle of nowhere   in my life so I would prefer something more realistic and new. Log cabins may be more  comfortable  .  On  the other hand I think that I will be able to "survive" in  a   tent . Looking  (to*/at)  your letter, I can see many options  (of*/for)  activities and I  realize  that I like most of them. I think I would prefer Climbing and Painting. The reason  (of*/for)  choosing  these  two activities is that they contrast  with   each other  .  I want one  that is  more exciting and that asks for more agility and another  that is   calmer  and relaxing, that asks only for my ability to paint. Climbing is something new for me and I am not so good  (on*/at)   it , however ,  I  hope  that I can learn about it  (on*/at)  the Camp. Painting is something that I love and I am very good  at  it.
I have some  worries  about my prize and travel. Is there  any  possibility that you  could  send me a list of  equipment  and clothes that I have to take?
Is  everything   on  the  trip  already paid  for  ,  including food and meals, or  do  I have to bring some money?
Do I have to bring something  special  for the  tent  and camping?
Please answer my letter as soon as    possible.
 Yours  faithfully,
GUSTAV SOARES.
Dear Kim,
How are you? Is everything good in  the  USA?
I'm writing to you because I had a wonderful experience last month.
There was a concert  (of*/with)  a famous band here in my city. I  wish  you  had been  here with me. So, I went with my friend to the concert with a lot of fans. We bought tickets to the show and also to the  fans'  bus. Yes, there is a bus that  takes  you to the concert and  brings  you back.
The concert was going to start at 22:00 and the bus arrived at my house at 18:00. When we  got  inside    it, we saw a lot of fans  wearing  T-shirts, caps and shouting, "Almendegos, Almendegos..." (that is the name of the band).
AT 20:00, we stopped  (in*/at)  a coffee house to eat.  They  shouted: "20:30 you all have to be back because the bus will leave."
We sat and started to eat and talk. Suddenly a man came and started to tell us his adventures. They were very interesting and we liked him  very  much. After a few minutes (I  thought   they  were  a  few) I realized that the coffee house was empty. I looked  (to*/at)  my watch: 20:45. The bus had left about fifteen minutes  before . The man offered  us  a ride. We  accepted . You  cannot  imagine how  disappointed  I  was  with  myself .
When we arrived the concert had already  begun . When we were running to enter a man called us. He was helping to put the  concert equipment  (microphone...) on the stage. He asked if we could help. We answered: "Yes!"
We started to put  everything  on the stage and after this we realized that the band was  coming   (into*/onto)  the stage near us.
 The vocalist of the Almendegos was by my side  and he touched my arm. I will never wash my arm again. After all of this we saw the show  (in*/from)  the best place, near    the stage and  afterwards , the thing that I most liked, we were  invited  to see the group and  got  their signatures.
That was the best night of my life.
I  hope  that you liked my experience.
Kisses,
GUSTAV.
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
First of all, I would like to thank you for the letter which brought me such good news.
I enjoyed a lot participating in your competition and hope to  enjoy  the  trip  I  have won .
Secondly, I will give you with pleasure some information about myself you need to have.
To be honest, the only suitable time for me to travel is in July because my session at the University will have finished only  (in*/at)  the end of June.
 For  accommodation at Camp California I prefer a tent because I have been    camping for years and enjoy it very much.
As I have a chance to do 2 activities while I am at the Camp, I will choose singing ,  which I am very good at ,  and swimming ,  which I am fond of but ,  unfortunately, not a professional.
 Finally  I would like you to tell me if I should take some special clothes and also  what  sum of money I will need... during my vacation.
I wish you all the best and look forward to hearing from you soon.
Sincerely yours,
Lena Kazanova
A lot of women would never agree with me and almost all the men  (of*/in)  the world would never believe that in my opinion   shopping is really not always enjoyable.
Eternal crowds, high prices, long hours of choosing a suitable thing, that is what shopping means to me.
 In particular , I can't  bear  to  go  shopping with my mother: it takes so much time that later I regret    agreeing to go with  her .
When I am on my own, everything is fine: I do my shopping quickly because I never have to spend hours  choosing  what I really want either for myself or someone else.
Shopping is a personal art and everybody has his own way  of   doing  it.
Some go just to  kill time  ;  others    to look at something new .  I am in the third group -  beforehand  I think of what I will buy and go straight to the department I need.
But sometimes I have to forget my opinion and spend all the day  with my mother looking   (in*/through)  a huge department-store.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you for your letter. It was a wonderful surprise! I'm writing to give you the information you  requested .
Firstly, you asked me  when  I'd prefer to travel .  For me, the only  option  is July, because I've already something planned in August.
Concerning the accommodation, I'd prefer to spend my nights in a log cabin, because I've great difficulty sleeping in a tent.
You also  mentioned  the activities I'll be able to do. I chose tennis and golf.  Although  I've been playing tennis for five years, I can't say I'm a very good player. And I'm even worse at golf, because I've never  played  it before. But I enjoy  finding out   about  new activities! In addition to this, I would be grateful if you could send me  some  information on these few  subjects : what kind of clothes  are  required?  What is the weather like  at  that   time  of the year? And should I take some money with me? How much?
I hope you will be able to answer my questions.
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely
Hermine Damien
"Cry Freedom"
If you are used to reading a lot, you know there are only a few books about which you can say: 'This is such a marvellous book I will want to read it again'. "Cry Freedom",  (from*/by)  John Briley, is one of these books. But why should we read this book twice?
Firstly, the story takes place in South Africa, during the period of     apartheid . The political and historical background is very interesting, but also complicated. I think that you can't understand all the links between the events  without  reading the book more than  once . And by understanding the book, you'll also be able to better understand what happens nowadays in a lot of countries.
However, I think that the main reason why someone has to read this book twice is the strength and depth of the two main characters: Donald Woods and Steve Biko. Both of them symbolize courage,  the  love of justice,  the  fight for freedom, which makes them look like heroes. Just  like  the Greeks and the Romans, our modern society has  legends , and "Cry Freedom" is one of them.
To sum up, I think it's worth reading this book twice, both for a better understanding of our world, and for the symbolical meaning of the story.
Dear Ms Ryan,
I was  enthusiastic  about receiving your letter. I will give you all the necessary information.
I would like to travel in July because during that period I will be free from work .  My  current post finishes at the end of June but I will start another job at the beginning of August.
I would prefer to stay in  a   tent  rather than in  a   log cabin , because it would be a new experience for me and I would like to try something different.
As far as the activities are concerned, I have chosen to do  tennis and swimming . I am good at playing  tennis  and I have been learning to swim for three months so it could be    useful training for me.
Moreover I would like to know what kind of clothes are the best for living in the camp and if I need to bring with me a large amount of money.
I want to thank you for this prize .  Let  me know if you need further information.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Bianca Botticelli
Dear Kim,
In your last letter you asked me about the concert... oh it was fantastic! I've always loved music so working  (in*/at)  a concert was great.
You can't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert .  Apart  from the  musicians  and the singers, there are people who work with lights, who organize the  security ... it was so exciting! My work consisted in checking the tickets, <NS type="M"></NS> the number on them and taking    people to their seats.
It was also very tiring because all the people arrived at the same time and they didn't want to wait for my help; so they went around the theatre, looking for their seats and making so much noise.
Sometimes I think that people never grow up .  If  they had been a class of children, they would have made less noise!!
Anyway, it was a great experience in spite of these little problems.
Now I have to go .  Write  soon and let me know what you have been doing.
Lots of love
Bianca
xxx
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
Thank you for the letter which I have received with    great delight and excitement. I am writing in order to let you know about the further necessary information you have  requested .
First of all, I would like to travel in July as it is my summer holiday and I believe the weather would be best for camping in July. And if it is possible I would like to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because I find tents uncomfortable to sleep in.
The two activities I would like to do at the Camp are Tennis and surfing. I have been playing Tennis for many years and it is my favourite sport. However, I have never done surfing before but I have always wanted to learn how to do it and I believe this would be my best chance to do so.
Before I go to the Camp, I would like to know what type of clothes I need to take and  whether  there is anything I should take in case of any emergencies. Also the amount of money I need to bring ( are  there any shops). And finally, I would like to ask you to send me some pictures of the place as I am dying to know what it is like. Thank you.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I was  one  of the  luckiest  people from my school to be picked    to help at the pop concert which took place in my town. The organiser of the concert asked my school for about 15 people, who  do  art, to help decorate the stage. Me and my friends were very excited, not because of the stage decoration but because of the pop  singers  and bands whom we  would  be able to see! Everyone was so jealous in the school.
When we got there, there were very many people. People were carrying big boxes around which contained electrical  equipment  for the concert. We were all given different  sorts  of jobs to do. Some of us had to paint and some of us had to cut some materials and fabrics out into special shapes. It was very interesting and we enjoyed doing it very much. However the best part was watching and listening to the singers and bands  practising  on the stage. At the end we were given free concert tickets and got  autographs  from our favourite pop singers.
It was the best day of my life and certainly for others, too. I wish you  had been  there. It was fantastic. I will be looking forward to your reply.
Love from
Camp California in the U.S.A.
Competition Organiser
13th June 2000
DEAR Helen Ryan,
I am really happy     to receive  your congratulations.  It was   a  very exciting moment and  a  very nice competition. And now to  win first prize  !   It is  wonderful for me to have the  opportunity  to visit    Camp California in the U.S.A.
In answer  (at*/to)  your letter ,  I would like to travel in July for two  reasons  . One's     because I    will  have finished  my  exams   (in*/by)  that  time  and the other  is   that  in the first two  weeks   of that month  I will go to Farnborought  is special 10 days the presentation  the Air show and  the delegation from my country will be there .
And for the second question , about  accommodation during these two weeks at the Camp ,  I would prefer  a   log cabin ; because maybe  it  is more interesting to share with other people.
 On the other hand  you  tell  me I have the chance    to choose two activities while I am at the camp.  But   it  is  not easy , because all  are  very interesting for me. But anyway  I like more to have the possibilities for   to do  climbing and surfing.  Meanwhile, these activities are develop . Can you  tell  me if  it  is necessary to bring  any  special clothes .   For  instance if I  go  surfing  will  I need  a   wet suit . Is  it  possible to get  one  there?  The same goes for climbing  .   Do  I need  any  special equipment and        is   it  available in the Camp and what about the guide for these activities?  Do  I need  any  extra money?
I  would  really appreciate  it  if you  could  answer    these  questions  and  saying again . Thanks very much, because  is new stimulation for me. this prize .
Yours sincerely,
Isabel Cruz
13th June, 2000
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
I think this topic is so exciting  (in*/from)  the  anthropological  and  psychological  point of view, because we can  study  the  subject's   reactions  before, during and after    shopping.
People in general have a  compulsion         to shop  ,  in my opinion. Because sometimes the article  being   bought  is not really necessary. We must  accept  that  the  media have  an  important effect  (in*/on)  our  lives  ,   especially  the T.V.
For    men and women  appearance is important  and they  spend  a lot of money     buying  clothes,  cosmetics ,  accessories ,  jewellery  etc. And    other  times  they  sometimes choose  just for the label.  Without give really importance to the  quality  . In  reference to the appearance there is more preocupation in the food area , because people in general    don't  spend     time     preparing  food and when they  go  shopping they choose pre-prepared food. We know  it  is  easier  for  those   with a  busy life.
 On the other hand  the facilities for access to  the   shopping center   are  not good. The area for parking, space for  children to play  or bus station near the mall  are  not really  adequate . Otherwise shopping  would  be more enjoyable.
I think in the  near  future we need to decide with the  government    which    special place in the town     will be   left  just  as   a   commercial  area, but of course with all the facilities to get there ,  like a big supermarket   and mall centre ,   (in*/from)  different areas of the city.
13th June 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter. I was really surprised and very happy when I read that I have won the first prize , first  of all because I have never been to California and second because it's the first time I have ever won something.
The only time that  it  is possible for me to travel is July, because I am working for a bank and this is the only month I can go on holiday.
For my stay in California I would prefer  the accommodation in tents  because this gives me a feeling of freedom and adventure and it is quite different to my  life  here in Greece.
The activities I would like  to do most  are climbing and surfing. In my free time I have climbed a lot of mountains in the surrounding area so I can say   that I am quite good  (in*/at)  climbing. But I have never 'surfed' in my  life , so that is an activity I have to  learn .
Last but not least there are some things I would like to know: What kind of  weather  do you have in California? Is it very hot? What kind of clothes should I bring with me?
And what about money? How much money  should  I take with me? Are there any activities which are not included? And my last question: how many  people  are going to stay in each tent.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely , 
Many people, especially women, love shopping. If you go to the centre of  any  big town you will see people walking from store to store searching for something to wear or to buy to eat. But shopping is not always enjoyable.
First of all because of the  great  variety in the store , very  often you don't know what to buy because we don't have only three or four different  sports  shoes to choose from,  no , we have to choose out of twenty or thirty such as Nike,  Adidas  or Fila.
And very often you have to pay a lot of money for the product you want.
Another  problem  is that shops and stores are often overcrowded. Very often you can hardly move because of the crowds of people.
And many people are in a hurry, so don't  be surprised  if other people  do not have   the  tolerance and patience to wait and hit you with their shopping  trolleys .
Of course there are a lot of other  reasons  why shopping isn't always great fun, but the last  reason , which is very important for me ,  is that shopping is becoming more and more impersonal. That means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores, where  no one  has time for you to  help  you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for  you , no one to talk to and  no one  to  complain   to . That is the most important reason why I only like to go shopping in  small  stores, where I have peace and quiet and very often nothing to  complain  about.
Dear Miss Helen Ryan,
I am writing to you because I am very glad  (for*/about)  my first place in the competition .  I am going to tell you  about  the things that you ask me  about   (on*/in)  your letter.
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because  it  is the perfect time to go to the camp and  it  is summer.
 Regarding accommodation  at camp ,  I would like to choose cabins because I think I would be protected from the animals and the cold.
Furthermore ,  for the activities I want to select Tennis and Basketball because I  have  been playing tennis since I was young and basketball because I played for the team in my college  as  the  captain .
I want to ask you one more thing .  I do not have any idea about how much money and  clothing  I have to bring . Would  you give me  some  advice  about  how much I need to bring
I look forward to  hearing  from you
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I'm writing to you to tell you about my experience    helping at a pop concert . Well  first let me tell you that my job was helping the  artists  if they  needed  something, for example  giving  them water or snacks.
It wasn't very exciting  work  but you  could   meet  a lot of pop Artists ,   which  was the good thing  about it  because they gave  away  their  T-shirts  ,  also I could chat with them for a few minutes.  Another  good thing was that all the people  wanted  to be in your place and they were very jealous  (about*/of)  me.
 Anyway , this was my    experience working at the concert . If  you have  an   opportunity  to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well ,   OK .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes
Thank you very much for the prize. I  went  crazy when I knew I was the winner of your competition. I am    looking forward to going to Camp California. I've never been  (in*/to)  the States before and having the chance to do    so makes me  really  happy.
So let's answer the question you  asked  me to in order to make  those  two weeks there as  much   fun  as possible. You asked me when  I would  like to travel to California. Definitely, in July. That's my only month for holidays in the whole year. If possible, I'd like to spend my time there in a tent. I hope  just the sleeping one . That's the  most  suitable  accommodation  for a camping  holiday . It    keeps you in touch with nature. That's what camping is about, isn't it? I've found the list of activities you sent me very interesting. If I have to choose two of them I'll take tennis first. I'm an expert on it and I'll have a good time beating everyone there. Can't say the same about golf. It will be my first experience  on the green . I just hope  I don't get  injured. One thing you have not told me is  whether  I have to pay  for   everything myself  in California or not. Please, let me know.
Waiting for your answer,
José
Dear Kim,
As I told you in my previous letter I finally had the opportunity to take part  (on*/in)  the Sting concert here in Segovia. No, not as a singer. Not yet. My only role was to carry things from one place to another. Very heavy things, those which Sting uses to make his show even more spectacular. Have you seen the giant screen behind him in every concert? I was the one who put it there in Segovia. Well, some others helped me  (in*/with)  the task, but that did not make it much easier.
 Anyway , it was a great experience and I  enjoyed  it very much. The part I enjoyed most was the one when they paid me. It wasn't much but that means nothing when you have the chance to take part in an event like that. They also gave me a ticket to  watch  the concert live. Great show.
Next time come with me. I think Ernestina is coming to the city very soon. See you then!
José
Dear Helen Ryan
I am shocked that I won first prize in this competition. It will be a great adventure to visit Camp California.
I am writing to inform you that I would like to travel in July. The reason is that I am a full-time student  (on*/at)  Cracow University and I have many exams at the end of  the  semester, which is in June. I hope that it is not a problem.
I would like you to know that I prefer a tent. I think it is much better than a log cabin.  Especially  in the summer when  the   temperature  and humidity are very high.
From the list of all  the  activities I have  chosen  photography and golf. Since secondary school I  have been  very interested in taking pictures and I have     broad  experience  (in*/of)  it. I have  chosen  golf because I have never played    this game.
Please, send me any information  (of*/about)  what  I should  take with me. Should I bring my camera, warm clothes or any pocket money? I am waiting for your reply.
Yours sincerely
Rafael Szymanski
Dear Kim
Thank you for your latest letter. It was really very nice. I know that you're waiting for any information about  the  concert. Here it comes...
My friend offered me a job as a member of  the   technical  staff  (on*/at)  Sting's concert. I love his music and I collect his albums so I was very happy that I helped his crew.
Our job was to prepare the  stage . We've built it using ready metal and  wooden  parts. It was really big and impressive. Then we had to plug  in  all electric instruments, speakers, lights and microphones. I was working with a specialist who had to connect all  the  lights together to one computer and prepare a  colourful  show. It was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure    working with  professionals .
It was a hard and complicated job but we all had a lot of satisfaction during the concert. Even Mr. Sting came to us to thank  us  for our help.
I hope that you liked my story. Send me your opinion about that.
I  hope  to see your letter soon
Rafael
Carola Hidalgo
34 Kingfield Road
Brighton GC2 8AS
5th May 2000
Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
Dear Madam
Thank you very much for your letter of 1/6/00 .  I was really amazed  (with*/by)  the  news  that I'd won two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
 With regard  to the date that I would like to travel  it  must be    July 15th because my classes will finish at the end of June and I'm going to  have   some  free time     (since*/from)  this date until early August  when  I will start to work.
I would like to spend my time at your Camp site in  a   log cabin . I think  that  is going to be more  comfortable  for me due  to the fact  that  I am  very sensitive to changes of temperature and I can't take the risk  of   catching  a cold  because   , as you know ,  I'm going to start to work.
The activities that I would like to do there are the  following :- Singing (I'm  a  very good singer); swimming  , I'm not good at all at this one,  but I enjoy  spending  time in the water ,  I really do.
Would you be so kind  as  to let me know what kind of weather    you have  (on*/in)  July in order  that I can   choose  the right  clothing  to bring . And  also I would like to know approximately the amount of money that I should bring for the items that are not  included .
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Hello Kim,
How are you? I'm fine and I  am   writing   to  you because I know that you want to know  about  my experience at a pop concert; I have to tell you that I did  help  there and  it  was    very hard work . You  can't  imagine  all the work that  goes into   preparing  a concert. I really enjoyed the opportunity to talk with  well-known   stars  and to learn how to set up everything for a concert. If you have the opportunity to do this don't  miss  out. I hope to see you soon to  give  you more details. Bye.
Dear Mr Ryan , 
Thanks for  your  letter. I am so  excited  that I have won the first prize. I will give you all  the  information you need and ask some questions.
I  can  only travel  (on*/in)  July. As you know, I am a student and the nearest holiday is  the  summer holiday. But I have booked a flight    home at the beginning of  August . And also I would like to go  (on*/in)  summer.
 Concerning the  accommodation ,  I would like to  stay  in tents , because  I  have never stayed  in  a   tent  before. I think it  will be  great and I want to try it.
I like doing sports. I would like to play basketball and golf when I am at the Camp. I play basketball a lot and I am a member of our college  team . But I am not very good at golf.
And also I want to ask some questions. What clothes should I  take ? How much money should I  take ? And how  can  we meet at the airport? I am looking forward  to  your reply.
Yours sincerely.
As our class is going to  make  a short video about daily life at college, I  am writing  this report to suggest some lessons and activities which should be filmed.
1. English lesson. Because    students in  the  English class are from all over the world , we  can talk  about  everybody's  feelings   about  living and  studying   (at*/in)  a foreign country.
2. Computing lesson and computer room.  Nowadays   the   Internet   brings  us closer and closer. We can get all    we want on  the   Internet . It's one of the most important things in our life now.
3.  Library . We not only borrow books from  a   library  but also study at  a   library .  The library  is very important in our daily life.
4. Canteen.  Every day  we go to  the  canteen  to have  lunch, no matter  whether  you  buy  food from there or you take your own food.
5. Football. What do you do after class?  Jogging  or    some sports? You can't forget football.
 This   is  what I think should be filmed. If any of you have other  suggestions , we can discuss  this  again. But I think these five  lessons  or activities are  the  most common in our daily life at college.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am really surprised about the free  trip  to California, because I've never ever won anything before.
My summer holidays last for two months, but I  only  have time in July. In August I am going to work in an office, so there is  no  possibility  of   travelling      that  month.
I would prefer  to stay  in a log cabin. For one night it would not  bother  me to sleep in a tent, but for a period of two weeks it would be too uncomfortable.
At the  camp  I would like to go sailing a lot. Once my family and I went to Greece and  rented  a sailing boat for three weeks. Because  my parents did most of the work , I don't know exactly how to handle a sailing boat.
As the second activity I have chosen to  take  photos.  I used   to be  the photographer  on family holidays  and I know how a camera works.
Finally I have some questions concerning the clothes I am going to need and  approximately how much money I should  take with me. I just want to know   what I will have to pay  for   myself .
Thank you very much for giving me the chance to discover a new type of landscape!
Yours
The statement mentioned is perfectly  in tune with  my opinion. If you want to buy new clothes for summer the biggest difficulty is to find a shop   which sells what you are looking for. Once you've found  it  you should take everything you like and go into the  fitting room .
It's a big advantage to go shopping with a friend, because he or she can bring you all the clothes in  the   right  size if the  item  you took doesn't fit. Often it happens that the salesman hasn't got the size you need and that's always a pity.
After trying on about twenty different tops, dresses or jeans your legs and your back start to hurt terribly.  In the end  you may have found only two or three things you really like, but they are  worth all the work .
Helen Ryan
Competitor Organiser
Dear Helen,
I am writing to you ,  in  reply  to the letter I have recently  received , to inform you about some details that I am concerned about. First of all I want you to know that I would prefer to travel in July due to the exam I will be taking in June and, afterwards, I will start my university studies in September which means  there are  lots of things to be sorted out.
Secondly, I prefer staying in log cabins because it is  easier  for me to keep my personal belongings clean and tidy ,  apart from the fact that I am terribly afraid of insects such as spiders and ants.
In your letter you  presented  the possibility  of   choosing  two activities and I would like to let you know that I would be pleased if I could join  in with  basketball and climbing, as I am very good at both of them  because   I played   basketball  in my secondary  school  as  captain  of  the  team and due to my long training  sessions     lifting weights.
Lastly, do I need to take with me any special  kind  of clothes? Do I need some money? and if    so, how much?
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Suppose you go shopping with your girlfriend, that means that you will have to spend hours walking behind her from one shop to another and during the time that she is trying the items on, you have to bear    the odds faces of the other women looking at you as if you were an alien  (into*/on)  their territory.
There is ,  as well ,  the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself  (into*/in)  the crowds ,   crammed  in the small shops during the  only  day-off you have to buy  something  you like. All this can easily  lead  to a  nervous breakdown , particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way  (across*/through)  the crowds or while you were  queuing  to pay. If this wasn't enough  your  strength and mental health can be completely destroyed when ,  despite having been  robbed , having spent hours walking around and being tired and hungry ,  you finally buy something you really  like  with your credit card and ,  after having walked a few blocks ,  you see the same item at half  the  price in another shop.
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you in reply to your letter.
First of all ,  I want to  thank  you    for this prize. I am very excited because I have never won a prize. I have never been  (in*/to)  the USA, so I think that this  trip  will be an  unforgettable  experience.
Secondly, I  would  like to tell you that I can only travel in July because in June I have to take my final exams at school. In August I have to be in Madrid because I am going to work as a trainee in a travel agency. After  August  I must return to school, so I can only go to California in July.
I would prefer to stay in a tent because I like  nature very much  ,  and camping, so I think that I will be better in a tent than in a log cabin.
Although all the activities that you mention are very interesting, I prefer swimming and tennis. I think that I am very good  (in*/at)  swimming. I won a local competition when I was seventeen. I am not so good  (in*/at)  tennis because I began to play only two years ago. Finally, I would like to ask you how the weather will be in July and  what  kind of clothes I have to wear. Furthermore, I would like to know  the money     I have to take and  what  amount of money is normally spent in the camp. I look  forward  to receiving your reply.
Yours sincerely,
Silvia Torroja.
In my opinion the statement 'Shopping is not always enjoyable' is totally true.
An argument in favour of this statement is that shopping is very tiring. You can be walking for hours and finally you can't find anything that you like.
Also, you can spend hours trying to decide between a wonderful blue  pair of  trousers or a beautiful black dress, for example.
I think that shopping is even more boring when you go with a friend and you have to give her some advice. It can be a very stressful situation because     sometimes  you don't know what to say.
In my opinion shopping could be a 'dangerous' activity because you may spend more money  (in*/on)  some clothes  than  you can afford. I know people who are overdrawn because of shopping. Despite shopping  being  boring ,  I think that it is necessary because it is important for people to have several  items of clothing  and also suitable clothes for a very important meeting or appointment.
So, shopping is not enjoyable, but necessary.
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to  give   you  information about myself.
Even though I would like to travel, I am only  available  in July, because I am a high school student. Thus I have not got  a  long holiday. I just have one month   . Personally, I would rather stay in log cabins than in tents. On  account   of the fact that   staying  in log cabins  is     much more interesting than  staying  in tents. As far as two activities are concerned ,  I would choose singing and photography. I used to win a number of competitions in singing. I can sing    plenty of songs ,  which include     English   songs  and the  Japanese   songs , and I have  a  part-time job     singing  at  a  restaurant. Although    photography is not as good as    singing, I am very interested in it. I have been  studying   photography  since I was 15  years  old. I got third prize in  a  competition last year and  my  level is professional now.  Furthermore , I am going to  enter   a  competition next year.
I would like to  ask   for  some information about    what kind of clothes I have to  wear  and how  much   you     charge.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Shopping is not always enjoyable . Sometimes   there is  a long  queue  or a  machine   is  broken. A lot of  circumstances  will  arise .
I  had   an   unpleasant  experience. It was  (in*/at)   lunchtime . Everybody     had gone  to  buy   lunch  in  the  supermarket . In  fact, nobody  likes   crowds  and  queues ,  especially   not  in the  summertime . I was  queuing   in the middle of row . I  chose  this  aisle  because I  thought  it was quicker than  the   others .  Although there were finished two people, next was me, something was happened . Suddenly the customer  thought  the receipt was not  right  . She  did not buy a lot of things but the shop assistant did not make  a  mistake . They  argued about this thing. The shop manager  came   to solve  it.  Obviously , I  had  to  try   another   aisle .  It  was  the longest   queue    I have  ever   been in .
Shopping  is  enjoyable, if you  are      lucky . Even though I think  most of the time it  is very interesting, sometimes  it   gets  people  upset .
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am very glad to hear  from you that I have won the first prize . I appreciate all    this.
I am writing to you about my information which you need. Firstly, I am afraid that I am    available to travel only in July because it is difficult to get    holiday from my work  at  the moment.
I prefer staying in tents to log cabins because I have really been interested in making tents and staying  in   them .
Finally, if I have any chance to choose activities, I will choose  basketball  and Sailing with no doubt because I would love to make friends  (from*/through)  these kinds of sports. Both could be exciting for me.
I would like to know more about clothes and money. I have got  no  idea about them. I would be grateful if you could send me some information  (of*/about)  them.
I am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours faithfully,
KANG OFF WOO
Dear Kim,
I am happy to write a letter to you. What I really want to  tell you  is about my recent experience.
Last month, I helped at a pop concert by chance. I have just  worked  as a normal worker but I have met so many famous singers who I  always   see  on TV. Of course, I could listen to all their music ,  which  was  so cool. After the concert I had    an opportunity to join them  (to*/at)  the party. The best thing was that I have learned how to  take care of  their expensive instruments and I have sung my  favourite  songs with them.
 In particular , Mike ,  who is a member of Metal Potato told me I  have  got a talent  for   playing  the electric guitar. It is impossible to explain all my experience without this word, "Brilliant!!!".
I would like to invite you to their next concert and share my experience with you. Please let me know  as soon as possible if you want to come .
Best wishes,
KANG OFF WOO
13.06.00
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I would like to thank you for  the  first prize. I am really surprised that I have won. I  did  not expect it.
I would like to send you some  further  information which you need. I can only come in July because I am working in the office and I cannot take two weeks off in  any  other month.
I am  grateful  that I have the chance to choose  the   accommodation . I would rather stay in a tent if  it's  not  a  problem for you. I would like to experience a  real  camp again. I used to be a scout.
I need  to relax  after  a  year in the office ,   that's  why I choose photography and painting which are not very active. I am  a  very shy person and I would prefer to stay in a small group of people, if  it's  possible.
I have  two  questions. I would like to ask you which kind of clothes I should take and I would like to know your opinion  as to  how much money I should take.
I would like to thank you  once  again for this great  opportunity .
I am looking forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely,
Apolonia Gorski
We would like to  believe  that shopping is the most wonderful part of our life. After working all week, finally on Saturday we can  go  shopping. We love spending money, but spending money is not always enjoyable.
Problems start when we cannot find any space to park our car. When we finally do this, we cannot  be   comfortable  because of  the   crowds . Why  it's  always the same! The answer is that we choose the same street (usually the most popular) and the same time as six  hundred  other people. We become customers who want to do their shopping with pleasure. I think we can achieve pleasure at home with our new goods.
Dear Helene Ryan,
I have just received your letter and I am glad to know that I have won first prize in your competition. Now, I am writing to you to ask  for  some details about these two weeks at Camp California and  to give   you  some answers to your questions.
First of all, I would like to know if you have some vacancies in July because it is the only month where I am  (in*/on)   holiday .  Regarding  the accommodation, I would prefer staying in  a   tent  as I used to during summer holidays when I was a child. Furthermore, you asked me to  choose  two activities I would like to do. Firstly, I will be happy to play tennis because I used to  do  this sport with my village club  for five years  and  won  a few competitions. Secondly, I am very  interested  in photography because my father is a photographer and we are used to spending time  together . We had a lot of fun during our last  holiday  and we took a lot of pictures. As    instructions about clothes and money were not  included  in your letter,  I request about it and ask you to include in it .
Thank you very much .    I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
A lot of people like    shopping but most of them might tell you that sometimes  it  is not    enjoyable. And nowadays people must  go  shopping  whether  they like it or not.
For people who  are used to     shopping, going in big stores, I think they like it and  it  they are always looking for  fashionable clothes . But when these stores are full of people, crowded, like  during  the sales   , I am sure that the same people who like    shopping may think it    boring.
In my opinion,    people have to  go  shopping even though they don't  like  it very much. If these people have    children, they must buy some food to feed them even if  the  supermarket is full of people. And now for them shopping can be  considered   like a contrariety .
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I am writing to you to give you some further information about the competition I won. I am very pleased that I won your competition.
First of all I would like to travel in July because I  have already made  an arrangement with my boss about my free days.
I would prefer to sleep in  a  log cabin. I am not  used  to sleeping in  a  tent and I think it  might   ruin  my holiday. I hope it's possible to sleep in a log cabin but if it's not, you can also put me in  a  tent.
The two activities I would like to choose are    photography  and  surfing .  I never really got any practice in photography  . Yes  I have  taken  some holiday pictures but I would like to learn more about this. So I am not very good  (in*/at)   photography .
Surfing is my passion. I live  near  a beach and whenever I have the time I  grab  my  board  and go surfing. I would like to have a surfing contest with other surfing nerds, if it's possible. I would like to know if I have to bring my own wetsuit for surfing and how much money do you think I need?
I am  really  looking forward to this holiday. I hope I have  told  you enough.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
How are you? I'm doing great    after my experience    helping at  a  pop concert. It was fantastic. You also would have liked  it  very much.
I had to help  backstage . I had to  make sure  that every artist went in the right dressing room and not in someone  else's .
Every artist could scream at me whenever they wanted. The   real   thing was that I had to look after them because without me they would have been lost. That was a good feeling for me. I had to tell them when they had to go on  stage   and what  kind of clothes they  should  wear. I also had to give them drinks and food and help them to relax whenever they were nervous.
The thing I  really  liked   was helping the artists and talking to them.   Okay  , they screamed at me all the time because they were nervous and excited about their concert.
Afterwards they  talked  to me and  thanked  me for helping them in those exciting moments. I  really  got to know them after the concert. They also took me to  an   after-hours  party and they asked me if  I  would like to do this again. And of course I immediately said  yes !!
 Maybe  next time you can come with me . That  would be a lot of fun.
 They  will call me next week, so I  will write  when I  have talked  to them.
Talk to you soon.
love
Dear Ms Helen Ryan,
Thank you very much for  awarding  me the first prize - Camping in California. I really look forward to it because I have never been to the U.S.A. before.
I would like to have my two weeks with you in July, as it will be during my summer holiday . In  addition  to  that ,  it is said to be the best season there. I will join in  with  the swimming group and the photography group. Both of them are my hobbies .  I have won some prizes in my school  competitions   (of*/in)  them. Therefore, I am quite confident about them.
I would be grateful if you could put me into the  tent side of  accommodation   because I have had all  my  holidays with my parents in luxury hotels   . I would like to try it this time. As all the travel expenses are paid already, I would appreciate it if you could tell  me  what kind of clothing  and  also how much pocket money I need.
I look forward to hearing from you in due course.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
The concert I helped  at  last week was the greatest experience I've ever had.
I mainly gave them a hand in setting up the stage. You know, although I'm a pop music fan, I'd never had any idea how  it was prepared for opening . First, they asked me to put those instruments on the stage. I left the  hi-fi system  on the left side (it should  have been  on the other side). Before  his  opening, the pop star  noticed  the mistake . Otherwise  it would  have been  a disaster.
The performer, Paul, is a big    name at the present. But I'd never  seen  him before. This time, I saw him in person. I told him I loved his songs . He  was very happy. Then, we  had  a lovely conversation. Afterwards, he gave  me  his pen for my enthusiasm.
Anyway, how are you? Write soon . Tell  me how you're getting on in your new job.
Best wishes,
13-06-00
Dear Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
I  received  your letter about  the   two weeks I won  at camp California in the U.S.A.
I would like  to travel   in  July because I will have holidays in  that   month .
About the accommodation at camp, I prefer  a   tent  because I love  to sleep  in tents .   It  is more interesting than  sleeping  in log cabins.
I would like  to do  climbing and sailing while I'm at the camp .  I can  climb  very well .  I used to  climb  ten years ago in my country.
I'm worried about what kind of clothes I will need in the camp?  And  how much money I have to  bring  for the trip? Could you answer my questions please as soon as you can, because I'm nervous, and I need your  answer soon , and I will have  a  talk with my parents about  the  camp.
Yours Sincerely
I agree  that  shopping is not always enjoyable. Nowadays,    people are always buying  things   when  maybe they don't need  these  things,  but  only buy  them  because  they   are  in fashion.
In the first place, when    people think only  (in*/about)   going     shopping  they   forget   other  things:  playing  with their children,  talking  with  their  parents, friends.
 On the other hand , when    people go    shopping  they  spend a lot of money.
I my view,  it  is more enjoyable  to do   other  things than  to go  shopping because, maybe ,  "you  waste  your money".
13.Jun. 2000 Dear Sir or Madam, I am very pleased to hear that I won the first prize in the competition. It would be great for me to go to the U.S.A as the prize and to stay for two weeks. Below is the information you requested  from  me. Firstly, I would like to travel in July because I have got a prior plan to teach    Korean children in Brighton about  Korea  and Korean history in    early August. Secondly, I would like to stay  (at*/in)  log cabins which would have a good smell of nature in them. Also if I have to choose two of the activities, I would like to play tennis and to go surfing because playing tennis is my first choice and I am very good at it. And also the reason why I would like to go surfing is that I am always dreaming of surfing on the coast of California like on TV, but I have never tried to surf yet, which  doesn't  mean I am bad at swimming. Finally, I would like you to let me know which clothes would be suitable for the weather at that time and how much money I should take. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Yours faithfully, Haneul Gay Kay.
When you spend money on goods and services, it gives you satisfaction and happiness but going shopping is not always enjoyable. There are a few reasons.
Firstly, you cannot always get the right  thing  although you scour    all the shops to find something you want. You may only get tired       feet. And also you would have to thread your way between the shoppers because there are too many shoppers, especially   on    special  occasions  like  (on*/during)   a  sale. Secondly, you cannot  exclude  that you might get  robbed by  a pick-pocket which would make you upset and irritated when you think of  how  you could avoid it and that you could take less money in your wallet   .
In addition to this, even if you buy something you    like, you can change your mind at home. Sometimes, a moment comes    that you would like to buy something you have not wanted because while you are shopping, you might get something beautiful or good to you. So you    spend more money  than  you  had  expected.
To sum up, you should spend money  according to  your plan and you should be cautious and sensible to make it enjoyable.
 Dear  sirs:
I would like to travel in July , before is not possible for me,  I'll have to finish my  exams  . The   last  of them will be on  the  30th of  Juny .
About my  accommodation  ,  I prefer    tents .  I like them . Every  year I  go 15 days out  with my tent and some friends. I like to sleep outside on the grass. The weather  won't be cold, will it? 
I'd like to play  golf  and tennis .  I  have played  both since I was young, and I like them, but I don't have enough time to play, and my level isn't as good as  I'd  like.
In order to know what sort of    clothes I have to take, please can you  tell  me about the normal weather for this  period ? I'm not used to  high  temperatures .  I don't like  the hot weather so much .
How expensive     is living  there? I have a Master Card ;   is it  possible to use it in your country or  is it  better to take American Express or Visa? I  am waiting   for  your answer
 Yours   faithfully 
One of the most important  things  we have to film is our  bicycle  classes . Our  school is now the best  (of*/in)  the country in all ages .  We are  prest  with this . We  can show what we do in order to be the best. If it  is  possible we can  conduct  an interview  (to*/with)  the last winner.
 It would  be good to show the swimming  pool , the  gym , etc.
And  on the other hand  we  also have  a very important museum, and  a  very  beautiful  building in the school  grounds ,  bowls them !!
We can also show one  of   the  youngest classes and at the end one  of   the  oldest . This way , the people who see the video will  see  the  progress  of our students.
At the end of the video we can show    all the students and all the teachers in front of the main building  like  an  old photo.
Dear Helen Ryan,
Thank you for the amazing  information  about the competition. I am really glad to be able to win the first prize and travel to the U.S.A. ,  which I used to dream  of .
Now, I would like to reply  to  some questions you  ask , willingly.  Firstly , I would like to travel only in July because I study at University at the moment. However, they will give me such a long holiday ,  enough to travel for two weeks in June.
I would prefer staying  in  tents to log cabins, as I'd like to observe nature and stay     outdoors  as much time as I can.
I'm very happy with the activities you organised. I am good at playing basketball, swimming, tennis, surfing ,  as they  have been  my hobbies for donkey's years. I would rather play golf and go sailing, than the others ,  so as to find new hobbies in my life.
Finally, what I would like to ask is what sort of  clothes  are suitable for    travelling, and also, how much money  should I  prepare for the  trip , approximately.
I would be grateful if you could reply  to  my letter with some further information soon.
 Yours faithfully 
Takashi Oshima.
Dear Kim,
How are you  doing  these days?
I'm fine as usual.
Anyway, I joined the team which helps    at a pop concert last month ,  as you know.
In my view, it was extremely interesting and  satisfying  for me all the concert long.
Talking of my work, I  mostly had two   prepare  the concert stage with some  fellows . If you  chose  the post, you would be  thoroughly exhausted   (in*/at)  the end of the concert. However, there was a particular thing I really liked during the concert. As I could take a rest beside the concert stage while someone was singing a song, I saw a number of famous musicians nearby.
Although I  cannot  explain any more about the thing I felt during the concert in this letter, I'd like to  recommend  you to help at a pop concert   . It must be a good experience and a special memory for you.
See you and write  to  me soon.
Best Wishes
Dear Miss Ryan:
I received your letter about the two weeks at Camp California. I am writing back in response to your requests and because I have some questions also about those two weeks.
First of all, I would rather travel in July, and if it's possible, during the first two weeks because I will be starting college at the end of the summer and therefore I have a lot of paperwork to get done.
About the  accommodation  ,  I would rather stay in a log cabin. I am not that much of a "nature" person and besides I have been feeling a little sore for the last few days and it would be better for my back than a sleeping bag.
I would like to play tennis and  go  surfing. I must say I am quite good at tennis. I started playing very young, and I've never stopped playing it since then. I couldn't say the same about surfing though .  I've done it only twice in my entire life but I really enjoyed doing it.
And one last thing ,  I would like to know about  what  kind of clothes  I should  take, if I have to take some money with me and if there are any expenses I have to  cover  at the camp.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate     to write  or  call  me. I will be waiting to hear from you
Sincerely,
Lolita A.S.
Dear Kim: Hi! How are you? How has your family been? I hope you are doing  well , I am and so is my family and everything around here. You are not going to believe  what happened  last month!!! I helped Korn  (in*/at)  a concert they had at the Auditorium. I met this guy  (in*/at)  a party. His name is Jimme, he is a really nice guy. Maybe   you will meet him one day. So, it turned out that Jimme was organizing the concert and he asked me and three of my friends if we wanted to help at the concert. Our job was to make the band feel comfortable and to give them anything they  wanted . The guys from Korn were really nice to us and we had a great time with them. We even  had our pictures taken  with them and they gave us their autographs. It was so much fun, we had a great time that night. Well, I have to go, I have an exam tomorrow and I haven't studied at all. Please write back. Love, Lolita.
Dear Madam,
I have just received your letter and I am glad to be the winner.  Firstly , I would like to thank you warmly for this great prize. Here  is  some  of the  information and details you requested:
Concerning the dates of the stay, I will only be able to come during the first two weeks of July, because I am starting a new job on July 15th.
Since I have some serious back problems, I would prefer  to sleep in a cabin .
 Regarding  your activities, I have picked basketball, because I love it: I  play  in a local club and I have been playing for twelve years, so I guess I am a "good" player. I have also chosen photography  (in*/from)  your list .  That  part of California must be beautiful and I would love  to bring   home  some "well-taken" photos of the area.
Lastly I need to know if all meals are included in your package.
I am looking forward to joining you at Camp California . 
Yours faithfully , 
Zacharie Gibson
We decided to make a short film about our school  as it would be seen  through the eyes of an imaginary student. It will be called "A day in the life of the mysterious student X." It will be shot just as if the viewers were student X, not seeing him but being him. He will have breakfast, take a shower, get dressed, etc  - so   will the viewers .
Student X will meet friends on his way to school and start talking with them. Actually one of us will hold the camera while another will stand next to him, as the "voice" of X.
At school we want to show "sights and sounds" from all  the  lessons (about 5 minutes each). Student X will answer questions, speak with his classmates, even cheat at an exam! During the chemistry and biology classes, "we" will  carry out   experiments . Of course we will also show other activities ,  such as PE ,  the lunch break and the  theatre  workshop.
The main purpose is to show the "real" life of an unreal student. Therefore we want this film to be informative and funny as well.
We expect to show our  finished product  during the graduation party.
Dear Sirs , 
First I want to thank you for all the congratulations, and I'll try to answer all your questions about ,  for instance ,  travel and  accommodation . I have to tell you that  it is only possible for me  to go on holiday in July because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in July (because her small children are in summer school at  that  time. Another question was about the accommodation. I have to tell you that I'd prefer  a   tent . For me tents are a kind of  back-to-basic  living and I like this very much. In my opinion people should become more familiar with the rules of nature.
I was very glad to read that it is possible to do activities at Camp California. I've chosen singing and swimming. Singing is one of my favourite activities and I know that I do it very well. I'm also used to  singing  in front of a large number of people  because  I  have done  it several times. I'm also good at swimming but I do not do it  professionally .
There are two further questions which I have to ask you. First , how  much money do I have to take with me?  And  what clothes should I  take ? I'd be very happy if you could give me a call and answer  these  questions.
Yours  faithfully 
Dear Kim!
Today I have to tell you something really exciting and also very hard to believe. Last month I received a letter which told me that  I'd won  a competition. I was so happy and  surprised  that  first I  could not really believe it.  But it was true. My  prize  was the chance to meet a pop group and to help at  their  concert. The pop group which was going to  play  is called "Metallica" and I like their music very much ('cause in my opinion the music is a bit different from all the songs you usually listen to ).  But now to the concert itself. It took place on the 10th of June in Salzburg.  It  started at 8 pm but I had to be there at 11 am. First I had to help with the catering ,  which lasted until 2 pm. After this I met the band members and got to know them while we were having a good meal. The front man felt a bit sick and so he skipped the meal. I was so excited that  I was not able to eat anything either . At 5 pm the band members disappeared again and I was responsible for some kind of  guided  tour for the journalists. I had to show them the way to the interviewing room. It was a bit boring but more or less okay. At 7 p.m. the first group started. They were unknown and not very good but when I met them afterwards I  realised  that they  were  very nice. At 8 pm Metallica started and ,  I have to tell you, they  gave  a great performance. When I met them after the concert they asked me questions like  " Did you like the performance ?"  or  "  What  do you think about the first group? "  Questions like you and I usually ask each other. You know what I mean .  They  were not conceited or  anything  like  that . They were like    other  people  and I have to admit that I like them very much. This was one of the best and most exciting days  (in*/of)  my life.
Hope you answer this letter as soon as possible.
Lots of hugs and kisses
Dear Ms Helen Ryan!
I was pleased to  receive   your  letter  recently . I feel very happy with my results, and I can't wait to go to California.
Now I'm going to give you some information   you  asked  about.
I'm  sorry  to  say   this , but the only time I will be able to take this trip  is  in July, according to our team's  schedule .
The next thing - I would prefer to spend all  the  nights in  a  tent, so I can move it to the place  that  will  suit me best .    I like to wake up with a view  (to*/of)  mountains,  which   reminds  me  (about*/of)  my 5  years'  experience  (in*/of)  climbing.
Also I enjoy walking and photography. I  have filled  two albums  (about*/with)  birds and flowers   .
So, is it  possible  ?  I would like to continue doing my  favourite  hobbies in the Camp.
And the last question I have -
Do I need to bring any special clothes or  gize ? And how much money should I take?
Thank you,
Yours sincerely
Elina
 Shopping  is not always enjoyable
If you need something you have a choice  of   borrowing  it from friends or  the  library, or  buying  it.
Let's  talk  about  shopping . As  with everything  there are some advantages and disadvantages.
Do you think it's  an  enjoyable  way   to spend     time?
If you  were to ask  me, I prefer my friends to do all  my   shopping  for me , because  I  am  aware of  the  big  queues   (to*/at)   the   checkout , crowds of people, noise... And  of course  not all shops have good  air conditioning .
In my opinion the  best  time for  shopping  is weekdays, preferably in the morning.
Otherwise, you  will either  not find what you are looking for, or you will, and spend the rest of the day in  a  bad mood, because of  the  bad  manners  of sales people,  who   do not give you advice every time you ask for it .
It can be boring, it can be  interesting .
 To summarise   everything , I  would   recommend   spending  less time indoors, shopping during the  weekdays .
Tuesdy 13th, June, 2000
Dear Ms Ryan,
I am writing in response to your letter about the first prize in the Competition.
I am  really  looking forward to going to California and I would like to go in July, because I am going to have my summer holidays in that month.
About accommodation, I would prefer  a   log cabin , because I have a problem  (in*/with)  my back. Therefore, I need to sleep in a bed. Also tents are not  very  comfortable.
As far as camp activities  are  concerned, I have been doing windsurfing for 5 years  and , for that reason, I am fairly interested in sailing. On the other hand, I  am  keen on painting, however, I have never painted in my life, so I would like to try it.
Finally, I was wondering what kind of clothes I have to wear in California? In addition, could you  advise  me how much money I need for the trip? and is there anything else    I have to know?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours Sincerely
13/06/00
Hello Kim,
 I received  your letter two days ago and I'm quite happy to know that you passed F.C.E. I'm ok and let me tell you about my  recent  experience.
I went to Madrid last week and I was walking in the street when somebody asked me  for  an address. I looked at him and I realised that this person was David Bowie. Yes!!! I couldn't believe it.
He was trying to speak in Spanish, but his accent was terrible. So, I started to speak in English with him. I explained to him where  the street was  that he was looking for and we carried  on  with the conversation for a while.
I thought he was very rude, but I was wrong, he isn't arrogant at all and he looks very  simply .
I liked my experience with him and I think the best part was when he gave me his e-mail address. Yeah!!! I'm not joking, I got his e-mail.
Well my friend, I have to go, because I  have  got an  appointment  with the Dentist. Write  to  me soon and take care.
Best wishes
Dear Mrs Ryan
Thank you for your information. I am very happy to win this prize but also I have some questions about  the   camp .
I would like to know if it is possible to travel to this  camp   (on*/in)  July because for me it is the best time and I  cannot  travel before or after <NS type="M"></NS> ,  according to my employer.  During   these  two weeks I would like to stay in  a   tent  because you can be nearer to    nature  than  you are  (on*/in)   a   log cabin . I like to go camping. From the activities ,  I choose  basketball and golf .  I am very good at basketball , because I have played in a  basketball team  for ten years. But  (in*/at)   golf  I am a beginner.
I would like to know if it is necessary for me to take some clothes with me for the  sports  activities? Also I would like to know how much money I should take with me. If you could tell me  the  answers it would be very nice.
Yours sincerely
Aydo Ackermann
Shopping is not always enjoyable
I think shopping is not always an enjoyable thing because there are a lot of things which are not good  about it . For example: you need a lot of money each month for shopping, and a part of this money is only for buying the  most necessary  things like bread and other things to eat. I enjoy shopping when I can buy some clothes.
Also a problem  with     shopping is that most  of the time  there are  too  many people and a lot of traffic in all  the   shopping centres . All the people are there  mostly  on the same day because there are not a lot of other  opportunities  for shopping  during  the week for     workers .
I think one  alternative  is to buy your things on the  Internet , because then you  don't have  to invest a lot of time    buying all  these  things, and they bring you the things  (at*/to)   your  home .  In the end I think it is    best if you have the  chance  to shop when there are not so many people because then you have enough time and you are not stressed.
Dear Mrs Ryan:
I am so happy to know that I have won first prize in your competition.
As you asked me to send you further information about three points, I am sending you my preferences as follows:
1. - I would prefer  a   log cabin  rather than  a   tent , because it is much more comfortable.
2. - I have chosen singing and painting as activities, because I love painting ,  moreover, I am very good at it, and singing because  it  is one of my talents.
3. - I would prefer to travel only in July because at the moment I am alone at home and I have to take care of my little sister.
I would like to know   what kind of clothes    I have to take with me and  how  much money will I need   ?
Thanks in advance for  your  advice.
yours  sincerely 
Bety
Dear Kim:
I am writing to you to tell you what an  impressive  experience I have had   helping at a pop concert.
I will start  by  telling you how crowded it was,    people  were  so excited that they were screaming from the beginning to the end. I couldn't even hear my own voice.
I cleared the stage before the concert, but you  can't  imagine  what  it looked like after it?!!! full of flowers,  T-shirts , hats, underwear, etc etc etc. I  couldn't  feel my feet the next day, I was very tired.!! Anyway, I also laughed a lot, the music was fantastic, and the stars were really nice to  everyone .
I tried to take a photo of everyone, but sometimes it was not possible. I will send you a copy of the best pictures the next time.
bye-bye.
Bety
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I am very happy to have won the first prize  (of*/in)  the competition, and I am going  to clarify  some details you asked me  about  in your letter.
Firstly, because of my school exam, I would like to travel only  in   July .  Moreover , I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine. At Camp California, I hope I will be in  a   tent  because I like very much this kind of  lifestyle : I love  to be in  contact with    nature.
   , during  my stay  (in*/at)  Camp California, I want to go swimming because I  practise  this  activity  regularly and I often  enter  competitions: this is one of my hobbies. In addition to this, I wish     to go   sailing : I have never  tried  it, but it  looks  great!
Finally, I have two questions more: I wonder if I can change my  French  money in the  camp  and what kind of clothes I have to buy before coming?
Yours sincerely.
Didier Bovie
Dear Kim,
As you asked me in your last letter, I am going to tell you more about    last month's pop concert.
Firstly, I arrived five hours before the  beginning  of the concert in order to help the musicians to move the  equipment  from the van to the  stage . As soon as all the conections  were  made, we tested the  volume : I found it too loud, so I advised them to  lower  it, and they  listened  to me! Then, there was only one hour left to install the  different   coloured  lights ;  it was just  enough  time.
 So , it was a fantastic afternoon because I like  music very much , even if I don't play any  musical  instrument. Moreover, I learnt a lot about music, especially concerning  how   to play  an instrument. Consequently, I hope I will play an instrument in the future, especially because the group promises    to help me to learn any instrument.
See you soon.
Best wishes
Didier Bovie
Dear Helen Ryan ,  I'm so glad to hear I have won first prize in your competition - two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. Thank you for asking me  for  some details. I'd like to travel in July. Because I am a university student, I have got classes until the  middle  of June and I have to attend    a ' Research and Development  Conference' at the end of June. Otherwise I have to work at a business department office as  an  assistant from the beginning of  August . So I will be able to travel in July. Accommodation is very important for me as well. I would prefer staying in log cabins. I've got some skin trouble and I can't sleep very well in tents. I have  ever  slept in tents when I went camping. That time I had to sleep in  a  tent.  The whole  night, I felt backache  and  shoulder ache so I couldn't sleep very well. And I've never stayed in log cabins. It sounds wonderful! Could I have the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp? I'd very much like to do painting and swimming. I am quite good at painting.  I especially  love  watercolours . I really want to paint the countryside of California. It will be  a  fantastic experience for me. Actually I can't  swim  at all. I'm afraid of water. That  is  why I  can't swim  yet. I think this  is a very good chance  for me to learn to swim. I expect to join  the  above two activities. I want to know how much money I need. You pay for all costs. But I think I'll need some money for  clubbing  or evening events. And please let me know How the weather is.  I'm going to  buy some clothes, shoes and a hat. So I must know if it is cold or hot. I'm looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible  Yours  sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Whenever I walk in the street, I always want to go into    every  shop . I always want to buy T-shirts, Jeans, Skirts,  cosmetics ,  haribands , accessories,  rings ,  earrings ,  bracelets , shoes, hats, bags, fancy  stationery , interior  stuff  and  CDs . But it is impossible to buy everything at the same time. I have to  choose  some of them and I have to give up buying most of them. Before I go out   , I make a plan.  I decide what   it  is I want to buy and I decide to buy some items.
But when I stand  (at*/outside)  every  shop , I can't  resist  my desire. If I have got enough money to buy something  that  I want to buy, I can buy them and it will be no problem. However, If I haven't got enough money, I will not be able to buy what I want and it will be  a  very big problem. I feel depressed. Shopping is not enjoyable any more. I'll think  about  why I'm so poor. But I can get over  it . I go window shopping.  Instead  of buying something, I buy some fresh food and Ice-cream. They make me happy and rich. I can try  all   the  shoes, clothes, hats, accessories and  jackets  on. They are mine!
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
But if you think positive    about shopping,  it  will make you the happiest and the  richest  man in the world.
 Thuesday  13th June 2000
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I've just received your letter, and I am  really  delighted to be the winner. I thank you.  
As regards  when  I would like to travel, I would like to make you aware that I can only  travel   (on*/in)  July because I am  really  tied up  at  this time owing to  the  exam period ,  which will last until the end of June.
I'd rather have accommodation in tents, it would be a good experience for me ,  especially because I haven't  lived it as well as it is more romantic .
As you have informed me, there are a lot of activities that we can do.  Swimming  is my  favourite  sport. I was born and raised on a Greek island called Crete. The sea is part of  me . Furthermore I will have the opportunity to play basketball, despite the fact that I am not  very  tall for this kind of sport. However, I used to play basketball in my school because we  didn't have   any  other  type of   court   other than  the  basketball   court .
Finally, would you mind  sending  me more information about the amount of money that I should  bring . Also, what about the  life   outside  of the camp? Are there other places  for entertainment especially for  the  nightlife ? Could you send me some brochures for the place where we will stay   ?
Thank you again, and I am looking forward to your reply . 
Yours sincerely,
The aim of this report is to give some suggestions about the short video which my college is going to make about the daily life of our school. It considers two  areas : the lessons and  the  activities which should be filmed.
I am of the opinion that the morning English lessons with our teacher ,  George ,  are worth filming and showing for many reasons. Above all, they are enjoyable and interesting. All of us participate  effectively . Nobody is yawning or feeling bored. I  want this opinion won't imply  that the other lessons of other teachers aren't interesting. I think we are lucky with our competent teachers.  Also  the practical lessons of the cooking course level NVQ3 might be interesting with  their  delicious dishes of meat and vegetables. The pictures  would  be amazing and wonderful.
There are many activities that    could be filmed. We can film our Swimming pool,  despite the artificial sunbathing . It is clean, neat and tidy with helpful staff. The gym is  a  good choice for filming with the sophisticated  equipment  that  you   have . In addition, we can film the library ,  which possesses thousand of works , books   (of*/on)  various  subjects , with up-to-date facilities such as computers ,   the   Internet ,  CDs  and cassettes.
We shouldn't  disregard  and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college, especially  if  we take into    consideration the fact that it is in the city of  Shakespeare . It will be    good advertising, and will help to make the reputation of our college even    better.
Finally, I hope that my modest report will help the management of our college to achieve their aim.
Dear Ms. Ryan,
It was  a  wonderful surprise when I received your letter. Thank you very much for this great opportunity. Now, I am writing this letter to reply  to  your questions.
Firstly, I would like to inform you that I will be able to travel only in July, which is the only month I can take holiday from my work.
Secondly, for  accommodation , I prefer to say in log cabins, as I have no experience staying in a tent, I hesitate to try.
Regarding    the activities, I would rather choose singing and painting, as unfortunately, I am not good at sports. However, I enjoy singing. I used to  belong to  the singing club when I was a high school student and once we won the contest, moreover, painting is one of my  favourite  hobbies.
I normally  take   brushes , paints and paper instead of  a  camera when I travel.
Finally, I would like to ask you  whether   there is  anything I should bring  (to*/on)  this  trip  such as specific clothes, extra money etc.
I look forward to receiving your reply.
 Yours faithfully 
Dear Kim,
Thanks for your letter. Yes! It was a  privilege  to help at a pop concert. I really wished you were there with me. Believe it or not, it was a concert of "the Rolling Stones"! I did various things for them.
At first, I helped stage setting, as you know they use lots of unique tricks in their concert. So it was very interesting to know how they are made.
Then, I helped tuning the instruments for the back band. Actually, as I know nothing about instruments, the only thing I could do was just  turn  the volume up and down following    the musician's instruction.
My dear friend, if I tell you this, I am sure you will get  jealous . This was the best experience. I could give the members "Shiatsu massage" just before the concert to make them relax!! Can you imagine how much I appreciated that I am qualified in massage?
Well, Kim, I have to go now. Hope to hear from you soon.
Love,
Dear Helen Ryan,
Thank you for your letter. I am very happy to have won your competition. In order to confirm my schedule for  the   trip  I have won in your competition, I am writing some information to you below.
I would like to go to "Camp California"  (on*/in)  July because I will have to produce "Mission Impossible III" from August. I will be busy  deciding  everything about this film and will not have enough time to go there.
I would prefer  to stay  in tents as    accommodation because it sounds thrilling and even  ecstatic  for me ,  and also I have never tried this kind of accommodation before.
I would like to choose Swimming and Tennis. To produce a film is very hard work. I must keep  in     good condition to make a masterpiece. Swimming is really nice for    relaxing and I can do exercise for a long time. On the other hand, tennis stimulates my body and soul. It is good for my inspiration.
I don't have anything I would like to ask you. I look forward to going to go "Camp California".
 Yours faithfully ,
Hi! Kim.
How have you been? Hope you haven't been working too hard!
By the way,  do  you want to hear  about  my experience  (about*/of)   the  pop concert? OK! Here we go!
I enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month. There  were  a lot of people. I  carried  a lot of chairs and looked after the  queue  or people who lost their way. It sounds really bad but I enjoyed this pop concert to my heart's content.
I like "X". "X" is the musician who sang songs at  the  pop concert. My aim joining this concert as a  member of   staff  was that I could see "X". I know you like "X" as well. Do you envy me? The concert was  enthusiastic  and even made me ecstatic. His voice is also soulful and sometimes even gave us blissful  feelings . Sounds good, doesn't it?
Hope we join the next pop concert together as     staff  and enjoy our time  there !
Bye
Dear Mrs. Ryan:
Having won the trip to California delights me and I am providing you  with  the further  information  you asked for:
I only have two months of vacation  in  July and August and since I must visit my grandparents in August, the only time possible is July.
I would prefer a tent rather than a log cabin because I have been told that the  Californian  summer is hot and dry so ,  because a tent's wind circulation is better, it would create a  comfortable  coolness. The two activities I would like to do are basketball and surfing. I have played basketball  (during*/for)  5 years in an amateur  team  and still play on a playground regularly so my skills are good. On the other hand, I am a complete  beginner   at  surfing. This sport has always attracted me due to its contact with the sea and the great sensations it provides and I believe this is the perfect  opportunity  to  introduce  myself to  this  exciting sport .  I still have some questions to ask you:
Do I need to bring  any  particular clothing ,  like a  wet suit , for instance? Is any "pocket money" required in case there is something I need to pay for? And finally, is somebody going to  meet  me at the airport or am I supposed to get to the camp on my own and get refunded afterwards?
Best Regards
Chi Chen
Shopping seems to be a true pleasure at first: spending money  (for*/on)  yourself or people you  like  is very satisfying and enjoyable, but it can also be a real nightmare.
You often enter a shop and see people everywhere so you have to squeeze yourself through the  aisles  to take a look at a product. After long hours of hesitation, you decide to buy a product but discover that it is  overpriced . Frustrated, you nevertheless pick something cheaper and advance towards the cashiers. There, you find an enormous queue waiting for you but you still have to  stand  up even though your tired legs demand a seat. It is finally your turn and you reluctantly hand the money over to the   hypocritical   cashier.
Then, you can rest a little and examine the product a little closer but ,   unfortunately , it does not provide the satisfaction you may have wished for. Instead, you keep thinking about the initial product you could not afford, resulting  (into*/in)  more frustration and tiredness.
So there are several plausible reasons why shopping is not always enjoyable.
Dear Competition Organiser:
I'm so happy and  excited  to receive this letter about  the fact that  I've won the first prize in your competition.
I've been dreaming  of   travelling  to  the  U.S.A for so many years. The dream  is happening  to me now. So I shall think about it carefully and make everything ready!
I would like to travel in July because I have to go back to my country in  August . And I'm sure    that the weather in July will be lovely!
I prefer  staying  in tents to  staying  in log cabins. I think  staying  in tents is more comfortable for sleeping. Also I am not very keen on sleeping with too many people in the same place.
 Basketball  is my favourite  sport . It's one of the most popular sports in  the  U.S.A as well in my opinion. And I was school-team player when I was in High school. So I am good at it. The other thing I would like to do is sailing. But I  have never tried  it before. I just think it will be exciting and interesting for me. Maybe I can't manage it!
Also I  have  two questions to ask you. The first one is    ,   should  I take a lot of money or just a little? And the last one is    ,  do I need pillow or blanket or something else? I hope that I will enjoy my journey!
Yours Sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
More and more people like shopping now. You can see so many people walk along the business street every day and any time, especially in Oxford Street. Sometimes shopping can relax people and increase people's working  speed . But is it always enjoyable?
Of course not. The most obvious example is that when you're shopping in the shop you're not sure which one you are going to buy, you turn to the people who sell them, but they sometimes ignore you. So you like them but you don't want them any more. It makes you angry!
Also ,  for example ,  you really like some shoes or clothes, when you want to buy them, someone  tells  you "I'm sorry, this one is sold out"! What a pity! You become unhappy immediately.
And sometimes ,  for example, you just bought something last week, but when you go shopping this week, you see the same items but different prices, maybe from £50 down to £20, and then you'll regret wasting money, although you like it very much. If you  are   a  rich man it doesn't mater, but if you  are   a  poor man, you will be sad! How can shopping be enjoyable  (at*/in)   this  situation!
So I think shopping is not always enjoyable!
Thomas West
24 Kingsberry place
CS4 1XD
Tuesday 13th  June 
to Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser at Camp California
Dear  Madam ,
 Thank  you for your letter .    I was  so happy to  receive  such    good news that I  couldn't     believe it.
To answer your first question, I would like to travel  (on*/in)   July  if it's possible, because I'll be on holiday and because a friend would be able to come with me at  that  time of the year.
 Regarding  the  accommodation  at Camp California, I prefer to rent a tent,  which  is going to be more  fun , I think, but are the tents singles? I would be pleased if you could give me details about this question.
I can see  (in*/on)  the list a lot of interesting sports! But I think (it's difficult to choose) I'll choose golf and basketball, golf because I'm  quite  good ( I finished 5th  (at*/in)  the  English   Junior Golf Tournament   in 1999 ) , and basketball, because I would like to  rediscover  this sport I only used to play at school.
I've got other questions:  what  type of clothes do I have to bring? Can I change money on the  camp ? Are  any   parties  organized during the holidays? Is there only one  teacher  for each sport, and how many are    in each group   ?
Thank you for all  the   information  you  can  give me.
I look forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours sincerely
Report about which lessons and activities we should film.
First, I  don't think we can  shoot a film only about lessons or only about breaks, because  these  two elements are representative of  the  daily life at school ,  aren't they?
First, we should film some lessons because everybody  knows  (or  remembers   if they are   grown-ups ) that  this  is the activity that  takes up     most of a  student's  time at school.
Just after, to make a contrast, we may film the break, because it's the other part of a  school day ! It's the place where you can meet your friends, where you can talk  freely ,  and  there are no  teachers  .  It  could be a good contrast to the  seriousness  of the lessons. To come back to  the central   (a little beat less)  subject, I suggest that we film the  sports  lesson  .  Doing  that will  allow  the spectator to see how    the students behave when they are all together and in small groups.
Finally we should film the lunch, which is also a moment  for the students, and for the teachers, to relax  .  We  mustn't forget to film the  staff  room because if a school is made of students, it's also made of  teachers .
Dear Helen Ryan
I am replying  in response of the competition I won . As you asked in the letter, I will write everything I need to know about the  trip .
First of all, I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July, because ,  during the other months, I will be studying, preparing myself for    exams or I will be  away  travelling somewhere else with my relatives.
I have been thinking and I decided I would prefer to stay in  a   tent , simply because it's a new experience and I would like to try everything new. Also, it seems more dangerous.  Regarding  the two activities I have to choose, I decided to choose a new  activity  that I have never done before, which is Sailing .     I am a  total   beginner  at this. The other  activity  is Photography .  I am not an expert, but I know how to use a camera .  All  I want is to improve my knowledge.
Finally, I need to know what kind of clothes and how many  clothes  I should pack. Is there any place  where  I can wash my clothes? I also  need  some information  (on*/about)  the money I  should  take. Do you have any kind of souvenirs that I can buy? Do I need to take any money at all?
I will be waiting  for  a reply.
 Yours  sincerely,
Sara Todi
Dear Kim,
I'm sorry it took so long for me to answer your letter, but I've been too busy with my school, papers and everything. But now I  have found  some time to tell you everything about the pop concert I helped <NS type="M"></NS>.
There were about a hundred people that wanted to help, but only two would be chosen. When they said my name, I couldn't believe it! All I could think was "Oh my god, I'm gonna be talking  with  and helping the most famous pop bands!" I was so excited that I couldn't believe  it .
When I arrived to help them, they welcomed me and were so nice  (with*/to)  me that it seemed we had known each  other   (in*/for)  ages! They weren't  the  kind of people that think they're gods.
I helped them  with  organizing the stage, cleaning everything, fixing what was broken and they even let me play with their  guitars ! That was so great!
I don't know exactly how I felt .  Sometimes  I wake up and think it was nothing but a dream. I hope you liked everything I said and I hope  you   reply  as soon as possible.
Best wishes,
Sara
13th June 2000
Dear Edouard,
Firstly, let me thank you for your nice letter of June 10th. I was so surprised but so glad to read that I  had won  the first prize in your competition.
In response to your question and if you don't mind, I would prefer to travel in July because I've already  booked  my holiday and my boss won't give me another one.
I would be grateful if I could  stay  in a log cabin. I'm  not a young girl anymore    and do appreciate a little bit of comfort.
As you asked me, my favourite activities would be painting and climbing. I like  the mountains very much  and would particularly enjoy painting them after a walk. Would you be so kind as to write  to  me as soon as possible because I need the  precise  date of the journey. I've got four children and have to organise their time without  their  mother.
Furthermore, I would like to know exactly  what  kind of clothes I have to take with  me  and how much money  I should expect  to spend there. I'm really looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
Edith-Marilyn Piaf
Shopping is  a part of  my everyday life. I'm a mother of four    and you can easily imagine how many things I have to buy in a week. It starts with food ( monstrous ) and goes on  (with*/to)  clothes, pills, games and so on. It never ends! But  contrary  to what you  might   expect , I love shopping. I find it    very relaxing   . At home, you have to work hard and you're often  stressed  because    your children  are  always asking you for something. When you're shopping, you can finally relax, just admiring what  you see . Your only  task   consists  in choosing what suits you or buying what you prefer for dinner ,  for instance; furthermore you're not disturbed: it's a dream!
To be fair, I must say that I've noticed one  drawback   (on*/to)  shopping: you need money!
You'll understand, I'm sure,  why  I prefer shopping at the beginning of every month. In order to change this situation I  would have   to win  the lottery:  another  dream   !
Dear Ryan
I am writing to reply  (for*/to)  your letter about  the  competition.
First of all I would like to say that I am very happy that I won first prize in your competition.
Secondly ,  you asked me   when I have time for travel, so I can  only go  in July, because  I only have holiday in July . And I would like to go in the first part of this month,  the   second  part I spend with my  family .
If you do not mind I would prefer  a  tent, because in  a  tent I will be  alone .
While I will be at the Camp I would like sailing, because it is my  favourite  sport. I am good at it - I  have been  sailing  (from*/since)  childhood. The second  activity  which I would like to do is surfing - I have never  done  it.
I would like to know   how much money I must have with me? And what clothes I should take with me.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  faithfully 
Aniela Chmielewski
"The Old Man and the Sea"
'This is such a marvellous book you will want to read it again'
In my  opinion  this book 'The Old Man and the sea' is the best book which Ernest Hemingway  wrote .
Thise book is about  a   man  who  knows  that he will die soon, he  knows  that he didn't  make  his dream  come   true . So he  decided  to go for  a  last trip in his life.  His   goal  is  to get   a  Marlin. He is very old, and he isn't so strong  as  he should be. He  needs  to rest, but he  doesn't   give  up.  In  the end he  makes  his  dreams   come   true , he  catches   a  vast Marlin.
In  this  book Hemingway is trying to tell us, that if we want something, we can get it, it  might  be  difficult  and take  a  long time but we can do it. We must believe in  ourselves .
People  in our ages  should think about this. Sometimes they  give  up,  before  they get something,
To sum up I must say that  everyone  should read this book.
Dear...
Thanks for your letter. I am very happy that I have  won  the first prize in your competition.
I am looking forward  to  my  holiday  ,   which  begins on  the  first of  July   lasting   (to*/until)  twenty-first  July  ,  so it is possible     to travel   (in*/at)  this time. I like to sleep in a tent under the  open  sky since I have done     military service  ,   therefore  I would prefer a tent as my  accommodation . My favourite  activities  are swimming and singing. It is important for my health that I swim an hour a week because I am  overweight . I like to  sing  a song when I am alone. Singing is good for my  emotion .  So  I choose singing and swimming as my  activities . I am a beginner  (in*/at)  swimming and also  (in*/at)  singing.
Can you  tell  me  what   clothes  I  should  take  with   me  for  which  two weeks.  What  kind of weather  do you have   (in*/at)  this time  of year  ? 
Do I need a lot of money etc. for  the  different excursions ? 
Thanks for your answer.
 Yours  sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
 What does  it   mean  ,  the  word  "shopping"?  I live and I need different  products      to survive . I need  things to drink and eat  .  That  is the basic fact that  means  I must go shopping for food.
It is not enjoyable to see that the  price   (for*/of)  food  is  going  higher and higher . My salary  is   getting  lower  and  lower. When I have enough money the price isn't important, then I can buy a lot of  things   without   considering  my money. Despite     having  enough money ,  shopping is not always enjoyable   , because I don't know which  things  I  will buy in the future . Also I will buy  things  which I don't need.
There are many  products   the quality of which  is bad  and   because of this  the  environmental  pollution will     increase more and more .
 It  is  a  fact that shopping is not enjoyable.
Dear Miss Ryan , 
I am writing to  give   you  the further information about myself. I was very glad to hear that I  had won  the competition.
First of all, I can only travel in July. I have a summer holiday from    the end of June to    the  beginning  of September as I am a student, but I am  planning  to work in August  in  a part-time job. So that's the reason why I  cannot  travel in August. I prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins   because I have  been     camping once and I stayed in tents. It was great to have    fun and also  it was very good  memories  . As you said I will have the opportunity to do two activities. I am quite good at singing and I have a talent  (about*/for)  singing that  means  I can entertain people by singing. In addition I am keen on swimming but actually I am not very good at swimming because I have just started to learn  to swim  but I have really been enjoying it and I think it will be  a  good chance to improve my swimming.
In fact, I have some questions  about  how much money I will need, what else I have to bring with  me  and  if I have a emergency what you can do for .
Once again, I am very happy to have such a good opportunity and I hope this letter  tells you  what you want to know about me. Thank you for your attention.
Yours sincerely
Lee. Han
These days, there are so many people  who  like shopping that it is one of the important  parts   (in*/of)  our life. It is not, however, always enjoyable  and  there are both advantages and disadvantages.
First of all, there are quite  a lot of  advantages  (of*/to)  shopping ,   which  are that it can be the  solution   (of*/to)  our stress and  boredom . When you are under stress or when you are bored, if you go    shopping, then at least it can be  a   motive  to change your  mood . Also shopping makes people happier by  costing  a lot of money and it  even influences   the   economic situation more  flexibly . 
There are, in contrast, disadvantages at the same time. When we are       shopping, we often find that the place where people often go for    shopping is too  crowded  and it makes us more tired. Also there are plenty of  dangers   since  lots of people have  their  wallet  stolen  because it is a public place and there are too many people. In addition ,  shop  owners  often cheat their customers by increasing the cost  secretly . The customer can never know what price is the normal  one  unless they have  the  same shop or  the  same thing.
To sum up, shopping is  a  very important part of our life and we can have a lot of fun, however it is not always enjoyable which means we  cannot  find only advantages  (from*/to)  it.
To Competition Organiser
Helen Ryan
Thank you for choosing me in your competition for first prize. I feel very happy  and  I  must   answer your letter immediately .
I would like to travel only in July, because I will have  a  holiday  at  that time. I'm always having holidays in July . It  is my  favourite  time for holidays.
For accommodation at Camp California I prefer tents, because I  used  to  stay   in  tents  when on   holiday  .  I like it.
From  the  activities which you offer    me I choose swimming and tennis. I am very good  (in*/at)  swimming. I  have done  this sport since I was  a  child and I really enjoy it. I'm not so good  (in*/at)  tennis but I would like to play it  to get some   practice . Also I find that  this  sport is very  good  for my health and  makes  me feel better.  It is all about me .
I would like to ask you something.
 First ,  what  kind of clothes  do  I need  to take  with me, because I don't know anything about the weather in California, and  at tend  how much money  will I  need ? 
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Some people  like  to  go  shopping. I hate it. I  have never liked  shopping. It  has always been   a   problem  for me.
I don't like to have many things in my house .  I don't like to have many clothes and shoes, and I don't know what else. Just  the   necessary .
I think the people who  enjoy  shopping    are  greedy  for materialistic things and they  haven't   any  interests  (for*/in)   the  spirit (?),  in the   intellectual  life. They are  wasting  time  (of*/in)  their life for nothing. In my opinion we must spend more time  (for*/on)  more interesting  things than shopping  ,  like sport, reading,  chatting  about ideas which make our lives better. We must do something     to help  other people to feel better and  be   useful .
Dear Sir &amp; Madam
Thank you for your letter. I'm writing this letter to tell you some further information that you need.
First of all, I'd like to travel in July because I have to work  every month  except that month. July is the only month that I can be free.
I prefer staying in tents because it is  an  unusual experience for me. Also I'd like to have the chance to play tennis and  try  sailing at the camp. Talking about tennis, I used to play it for about five years when I was a child. I think I'm much better than a beginner. But I never had a chance to enjoy sailing. I'd like to try this time.
Now, I have two questions about camping. First, what clothes should I bring? Is it hot enough? I've never been to California, therefore please let me know about the weather there. Second, how much money  do  I need? I haven't a clue about it. I'd like to know some examples.
I'm waiting for your reply.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
It was so nice to hear from you last time. Thank you very much.
As I mentioned before, I really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . The  artist's name was "Bonny Pink" ,  who is famous in my country. I could enjoy her music very much.
My job was looking after her when she had a break time. I guided her to a rest room and served her a cup of tea, and so on. I thought it was  a  most exciting job. Actually, I could have a chance to ask her about music, her  favourite  artist and her hobby. I was impressed when I heard that she liked  doing   puzzles  alone. She seemed to be  a  very active woman when she was singing but at the same time she had  a  very gentle attitude when she spoke to me. I became a fan of her.
It was  a  very interesting experience for me. I wish you  had been  there. But don't worry Kim, I'll send you a copy of her CD for you. I hope you can enjoy  it .
Anyway it's    time to go to bed. Take care of yourself, Kim. I'm waiting for your letter.
Love
Dear MRS HELEN RYAN , 
I am very pleased with the prize that I  have won  and I would like to give you more information about  me , because I would really really like to go to California .  I have always wanted to go to California.
First of all, I'm very ill at the moment and I need about a week to get better and I would like to travel within the next few weeks if  that  is possible (July 2000).
In  accordance  with what you have told me about the accommodation I would prefer to go and stay in tents, because I think  they're  unusual and  that  is not something that you do  every day .
You have also asked me to give you two activities (sports) which I would like to do while I am at the camp. The kind of activities that I like from the list that you gave me are Basketball and Swimming.
I would also like to ask you about the weather to see what kind of clothes  I should  take with me.
On the other hand I don't know how much money I should take. Is the food paid for? What about all the other expenses like gas, electricity, water and all the others.
May I ask you to  give  me some more information about the  matters  that I have asked you  about ?
Thank you very much  (about*/for)  your letter . 
Yours SINCERELY
Dear Mrs Andersen
I would like to give you   and the others in the class my opinion ( concerning  the video that you are going to  make ) about which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why.
Well,  from my point of view  the most interesting lessons that we  have  at school  and   which   are useful in real life    are maths because everything we do is all about maths. The other lesson that I think is very important is physics  for  the same reason  that maths is important . On the other hand I think that geography is important as well because we  should  all know WHERE we live, what  the problems are  that we have in this world, what problem    every different country  has  and where    the petroleum  comes  from and what  the advantages and disadvantages of using it are  and  about  the gold as well . There  are loads of  things  about geography that we  OUGHT TO KNOW .
In accordance with all that I have written to you above I think that there is something else you must put in the  video . You can put  in  a few activities (sports) like basketball, football,  and  tennis, but only those because  they  are very popular and people will  be   interested   (on*/in)  them.
My  advice  for you is: "Do not put  in   too   many  subjects . Just  put  in  a few subject and make them look interesting . "
Yours SINCERELY
Miss Helen Ryan:
Last week I  received  your letter in  which  you told me that I won first prize. I am  writing  in response  (of*/to)  it.
First of all, I would like to travel in July, because I can arrange 2 weeks in July  (with*/during)  my school holidays, in order not to  miss  classes.
I think I would prefer to be in  a   tent , because I think it is  more fun  and you can  have  more contact with nature . But  if I don't like the tents can I change my mind?
You told me to choose 2 activities and I chose surfing and singing.  I am very good at both of them . I did a  surfing  course last summer and I have gone to singing lessons almost all my life.
I have a few questions. How much money should I take to spend in those two weeks? and also what kind of clothes  should I  take?
Please, when you  receive  this letter give me a call so we can arrange everything.
Looking forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely
We are going to  make  a video about daily life at school . The  following classes are the ones I  recommend   filming .
ENGLISH: the classroom is  beautiful , and  (in*/on)  the same day we do a lot of  different  activities, so it won't be boring watching it because we can have a great time there.
CHEMISTRY: We do a lot of experiments and the materials we use are very good. I think that if we film  this  class the people that  watch  it will be  impressed  with the equipment we have got.
SPANISH: We are doing a play now. We could film it and produce it . Instead  of  uniforms  we could wear costumes . The  ones  who  are animals could  paint  their faces. I think that if we do it properly we could have a great  Spanish  play.
Those three classes are my  choices  .  I hope we  can  do them and make a very good video about our school.
Dear Helen,
I would like to thank you for the letter I have just received. First of all I would like to point out that it is a great pleasure for me to take part in your competition.
I would like to assure you that I  will  do my best to be    one of the winners in your competition. Now,    I would like to  provide  some of the information that you may need.
Firstly, I have to say that I can  only travel  in July this year. This is mostly because I have a job and I have made further arrangements for the other summer months.
 Secondly , I would be very grateful if you  could  accommodate me in tents rather than  log  cabins. It is mostly because I like fresh air at night. From the list of activities in which I will have a chance to compete I have  chosen    basketball and swimming. I am very good at those kinds of sports and think that I could be the winner.
Finally, I would like to ask you how many clothes and how much money  I should  take with me. I will wait to  hear  from you, soon.
Yours sincerely,
Piotr Kaczmarski
I do agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable. Nowadays many young people like to do their shopping. But, isn't it a kind of  entertainment ?
In the first place, I would like to point out that to go shopping does not always mean to buy something. A lot of people, especially women, go to do their shopping only for  fun . In such a situation they are looking for something that they might buy.
But, what about real shopping ?  I mean shopping with a real purpose.
For example,  imagine  that you are a bride and you have to buy an appropriate  outfit . It's a real nightmare when you try to match everything: from the size, the colour to the  sawings  of the suit that is acceptable for everyone.
On the other hand it is a great achievement for you when you buy the suit that is perfect for everyone.
To sum up, I would like to say that shopping is enjoyable when you are going only for  fun . But, when you want to buy something special it's a real nightmare.
Dear  Ms  Helen Ryan,
I am writing to you     to answer  the  questions   (from*/in)  your letter.
I was glad to  hear  the news from you and thank you very much!  When you mentioned the period of my travelling  I'm afraid I  am  only free in July , because  I go on holiday in July ,  naturally, and I  have two terms in  June and August. Therefore, I hope that you  can   agree   to a  suitable  arrangement  between you and me. Furthermore, I would like to stay in log cabins ,  which I    feel  are a  more American style of    accommodation. In addition,  it  should not  be  too hot inside during July.
If I get two choices, I would like to go swimming and take photographs. Because I grew up in  a   town  that is a seaside city ,  I  started   training   (since*/in)  1996, and I have never  given  it up.  In particular , it  was  really good for my  health   during the growth period . Photography is my hobby   . I can remember that I used to take photographs  (on*/of)  the exhibitions or during the holidays. It  will  be nice  for my memories  when I am older. In addition, it could  show  people how nice the places  I have been  are and the  views I have got . Therefore, I would like to do those two activities.
Finally, I would like to know  about  the weather in California. Do I need  to take   very   many  clothes? Could you tell me    the amount of money I  should   have  during the holiday?
I look forward to hearing from you!
 Yours  sincerely
SHE DUNES
Shopping is not always enjoyable
 Shopping is concerned that people exchange from money to their demands . There are more and more  retailers     opening   . Therefore, people  usually   go  shopping weekly or monthly.
In my opinion, women  really enjoy  shopping.  It seems a human activity during their spare time . However, we are going to change  from the  traditional system to    "e-shopping". It is new for customers . With  technology they can switch on the computer and click everything they want. Therefore, it  looks like a service  and  is  also boring for  the  customer. I think most     men  dislike shopping. They are always waiting for a long time  (after*/for)  women  to finish  their shopping.
I  believe  that most    busy people want  to go  shopping    the  quick and easy  way , because  they don't like waiting for  payment  and  wasting  time   . Therefore, they would like to use "e-shopping" ,  which is  getting better for their time .
The  lifestyle  has  changed  already from  the  past. Shopping is  a  common activity in their life. We must focus on the specific   lifestyle  , which will make us  happy .
In conclusion, I believe that shopping only  wastes  time   .  And you couldn't get back any more .
Dear Mrs Ryan:
 Thanks  for  accepting  me in the competition. I hear that the competition there  is  very  intense , and  that  Camp California is very famous for  its  competitions. I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because before  then  it's impossible for me and  it's my birthday in July  and I wish to spend my birthday at the camp, also 'cause in August the planes are full. Another thing is my accommodation .  I prefer to have log cabins because it's  easiest  for me. I will choose for  my  activities tennis and swimming .  I'm good  (on*/at)  tennis because I  have played  since 1990 and I  love  it and  I chose  swimming because I like to swim and I've been  in  two  competitions  and I won both.
I would like to ask you for money and clothes because my parents are travelling and it is impossible for me to  get   any  money because my sister doesn't want me to go because I'm only 14, but when I get there I promise to return  to  you all the money because I don't have  any  cash  at the moment .
Thanks for  everything , and I will be there    next month.
 Yours  sincerely
Lola Villanueva.
"Shopping is not always enjoyable."
For me  going   shopping   is  not the best thing I can do. Well I  thought  the opposite  about  a year  ago  but recently I  have thought  this because I see all the people  going  shopping  and  they don't  realise  that    outside in the real world  there are  poor people who need that money  which  they are only  spending  on material things . You   might  put  your  money in the bank because you don't need it now, but tomorrow you don't know. I like to shop sometimes but not always and  I don't like  spending a lot of money on things that I don't really need.  As to  the rest of you who don't understand this ,  it's  on your mind  to keep shopping and spending all your money on things that you don't really need.
And sometimes I get bored when I'm shopping because now I don't really enjoy it.
Bye and think  (on*/about)  this.
Your Friend
Lola Villanueva J.
Dear Helen,
I have just received your letter which made me so happy .     I am writing to  reply   to  your questions.
First of all, I can travel only  in  July because my son's school is going to finish at the end of June, so it is impossible for me to travel during    June. Apart from that ,  I work in an international tourism agency and August is the busiest month of the year ,  so July is the best choice for me.
I would rather stay in  a   tent  because I used to go camping when I was a teenager with my family. I have always loved camping.
My favourite hobby is photography and I think I am very good at it. I have been taking photographs since I was 17. I took some lessons and after that I  really improved    .  (Beside*/Besides)  this, I am very good at playing basketball. I used to play in  the  high  school  team.
Also, I have some questions. I have never been to California before so I have no idea about the climate. Could you please give me some information about it and what kind of clothes  I should  bring for my holiday. Besides, I really would like to know    approximately  how much money  I should  take with me .  Is it an expensive city?
I hope all  this  information will help you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
I am so sorry that I couldn't write  to  you last week. As you know, I was very busy and excited about a pop concert which I worked  at  as a director's assistant during the last week.
First of all, it was a very successful concert and probably you have heard the singer's name before ,   she  is called Tina.
As a director's assistant ,  my job was  the   organisation  of the audience's seats and tickets.  All seats were brought from a sponsor company .  Every day  I worked for two hours in a shop  selling  tickets. It was quite enjoyable because  every day  I met different people who like listening     to  pop music so we had lots of things to talk about. I also helped  with   some special requests of the singer  which weren't so difficult to  arrange . She was very nice and friendly.
 (At*/On)  the  night of the concert , I worked as well.
After the concert ,  I was absolutely exhausted but the thing is I will never forget this experience. I met lots of people who were very famous. The best thing was of course  meeting  Tina. We promised each other to keep in touch and she has invited me  to  her next concert!
So,  that's all my news . Write    back soon.
Love from,
Dear Sir or Madam,
I have received your letter about the prize I have won in your competition. I would like to thank you and give some  of   the  information you asked about me.
Re  the  time: I am a student and have examinations until the end of June. The only  convenient  time to travel is in July. I hope you can arrange this.
Re accommodation: I would like to stay in a log cabin. I have had sleeping and breathing problems in tents which were serious. I hope to avoid these this time.
Re activities: During the two weeks I would like to do tennis and swimming. I  have regularly played  tennis since I was nine years old and I  have entered  several competitions. Swimming is another sport I learned when I was six.
I have a few questions about the camp. Are the meals free or do I have to pay for  them ? Do you have a choice of food? I'm vegetarian and can't eat any milk products. What kind of clothes will I need? Are there any special clothes you suggest?
I'm looking forward to your reply . 
Yours faithfully
Dear Kim,
Thank you for your letter. I'm glad to hear that you have found a job. I want to apologize for writing so late, but I had a lot of work to do.
Do you remember the concert I helped at ?  It was absolutely amazing. My job was checking the entry tickets and the bags of the fans. We started at 7  pm    to let them  (in*/into)  the concert area. I had to tear off a part of every single ticket. This part had to be saved for later because the concert  organiser  wanted to know the  exact  number of visitors. After two hours of tearing tickets I changed my  place  and went to help at the security section. Here, I had to check the bags and  coats  of the girls. Fans weren't allowed to take any sharp things  in  with them, like  knives  or scissors. So I looked into every bag and found some forbidden things in some of the bags. I really felt like a security guard.
It was a great experience. I had a serious duty and also a lot of fun. I met new people  who  I still see. I would like to introduce them to you.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Love
Dear Ms. Ryan, I am writing to you   in reply  (for*/to)  your letter. Firstly, I would like to travel in July, because it is summer   , and  there   will be  nice weather to enjoy in California. Secondly, I would prefer    to  stay  in  a   log cabin , because I am  allergic  to some insects that might  get  in  a  tent.  As regards  the activities, I would  enjoy  tennis, because I have some experience playing, and my spin and volley are very good, and painting, because I have  learnt  some techniques   that I would like to  put into practice . Lastly, I would like to know if I need to bring any special clothes, and where  I can  change my money to American dollars  cheaply . I would  like   to ask  for your prompt reply, so I can start organizing myself. Thanking you, Yours sincerely, Carmen Dolores Rossell
Dear Kim,
I hope you are doing fine .  I am writing this letter   to tell you about my experience    helping  organise  a pop concert.
Firstly, you need to know   what you are doing. I  spent  two weeks preparing    the stage, speakers,  backdrop ,  microphones , everything ,  with all the staff, and every night   the artists came to  rehearse  their show .  I could see how they really improved, and how nice they were with the staff. The day of the concert, everyone, including the artists and managers were nervous and were tired . However , when the concert started, we saw that all our efforts  had been   worthwhile  . The   crew  and artists thanked the staff.
What I personally liked the most was all our teamwork. I could see the staff, managers, artists and even the director, all  as  a big team, working together. That was what made it  really  special. Try it, I recommend it.
Write back soon,
Love,
Carmen Dolores Rossell.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter informing me that I have won the competition and that I have got  the  prize  (for*/of)  a two week holiday at Camp California in the USA.
 Because of  my business, I am very busy and  this     is the best  time  for my business so   I can't  organise   any  time to go on holiday ,  but I'd be able to travel at anytime in July. I would prefer to stay in a tent as I feel that it would be more exciting than staying in a log cabin. As you offered me two activities, I would like to go    swimming. I am not a good swimmer yet but soon I will be. I have been learning  to swim  for the last eight months and I  have been really enjoying  it. Another sport I  have played  is Basketball ,  which I used to play for  the  school's team when I  was  at secondary school. I have not been  playing  it at all recently but only wish I had. This trip will certainly be a good opportunity for me to start playing it again.
I wonder if you could  answer some questions for me  .  Have you    any recommendations  regarding  what type of  clothes   I should  take with me? Do you suggest  I   take  cash ,  or can I  use  my credit card? Will there be  a   tour guide  during the trip?
I thank you again for your assistance and am looking forwards to hearing from you soon.
yours sincerely,
Prasert Charoenkul
Dear Kim,
It has been quite a long time since I last  wrote  to you. I hope you are well. I have something really exciting to share with you.
There was a  Michael Jackson concert  in my city last month. It was a charity concert ,  which was organised by  the  university  where  I am studying. My classmates and I, we were asked     to decorate  the stage,  and   clean  the  concert  area. But guess ,  Kim, what    the most exciting  thing  for us was . We  were asked to be the singer's interviewer.  It wasn't a  spokesperson  Kim but  just asked him a couple of questions behind the stage. I was so nervous that I couldn't remember what to say. If you  imagine  yourself talking to  a famous  pop singer such as him ,  how  do you think you would  feel? But what I really enjoyed    that evening was when we  had our photographs taken  with him after his concert and he signed  them  for us on the  back  of each picture.
We had a wonderful evening. His concert was absolutely brilliant. Everyone was screaming, shouting and dancing while he was singing. I wish you  had been   there  with us.
 Is  there anything     happening  over there? Please write  to  me when you have time. I am looking forwards to hearing from you.
Love,
Prasert Charoenkul
Dear Helen Ryan,
 Firstly , I am very happy to win this first prize and as expected I'm following your  instructions .
I can enjoy this    prize only after  the  7th of  July , because before this date I will be in Jamaica doing  an  English course. I have been  travelling  around Jamaica for a year without any  conpert  due to an inclination for adventure, so I would rather you provided a  tent , I don't mind.
From the 10  options  that I have to  choose   from  I will  choose  two, climbing,  which  I have been  doing  for three years    because    I know  it by heart , and swimming  which  I have also been doing every day  as part of  my daily  routine  in Portugal.
I would like to know about  what  sort of  clothes  I have got to take? And I also would like to ask how much money I have got to take. I hope that  coming  after  July  won't disturb    Camp California's plans for me.
 Best regards 
School days
 As known ,  everybody   has  to spend all  their  childhood and youth at    school, because  of  that everybody  has  a similar daily life such as, wake up, got to the school, study and the best, meet all the friends.
A survey has been done, and the issue is    which  subjects (lessons) and activities the students  think  are the most  enjoyable . Someone says it is maths  -    practical ,  useful    -   but the majority  say  it is boring, unless you're  choosing  a job which  demands  all your  maths  knowledge  such  as accounting, otherwise you can use a calculator or a computer. The  majority   have  chosen History, which means a big journey around the world,  either at the Roman life style, or in the  middle   ages , when a revolution happened with deaps and new lands . People must get some rest often, and as a result they look forward  to  some happiness  at the  free time  such as, party, games, and every one loves party   .  That  should  be  filmed.
At all schools there is a similar daily life  which  must be filmed .  This  is  an  important part of our life,  which  is full of  emotions in development .
June 13th, 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am very glad     to receive  such a wonderful surprise    as to learn  that I have won first prize. What a lovely opportunity to go to America!
About the information you asked me for, the most suitable month for me to travel would be July, since it is when I am free     to travel   because  I won't have classes at school by that time.  As to  the matter of accommodation I'd    prefer  a   log cabin , because I consider them better for resting and  getting   to know  people.
I also want to mention that it's great you have so many activities. The ones I consider I'm good at are painting and photography. I love nature and I'd like to record the Californian landscapes.
I have something I'd like to ask you. Do I have to take any special clothes with me? How warm is California in  that   month ? Another thing, should I     take  my camera with me for the activity at the Camp? I'd appreciate any further information you can give me.
Looking forward to your  reply .
Yours sincerely,
June 13th, 2000 Dear Kim, It was quite nice to hear from you and your family in the last letter you sent me. Hope everybody is  well . And, yes! I helped my friend Jane at the concert! It was such a wonderful  experience ! When Jane asked me to help her with    the publicity and specially with the  interviews , I just couldn't believe it. You know that I love going to concerts, but being  at the   beginning  of    the show and  a member of the staff    was something I was always interested in. I never imagined how many people  are  involved in the organization  of a concert ! In the area of publicity we were about 50 guys, all of us investigating, calling    radio stations, organizing the reporters, specifying where the press would be for the interview that took place afterwards... yet, it was     incredibly   satisfying  when everything  turned out  just fine! Wish you were there! But, I heard you went on  vacation  to Bermuda. Cool! How was it? You have to tell me everything! Looking forward to hearing from you. Love,
XXX
13th June 2000
Dear Helen Ryan,
First of all, I would like to thank you and your organisation for giving me this opportunity. I've just received your letter this morning. I am very happy  and   excited  about it.
I can only travel during July because I have  a lot of   A-level  examinations to take during June. I would prefer staying in a tent because I haven't done it before and I would like to give it a go. I  would also  like to  choose  basketball and surfing as two activities to do while I am at the Camp. I am very keen on basketball. I am  the  captain of  the  school's basketball team and we have won  a lot of  competitions. However, my surfing  ability  is very average as I have only been surfing for three months. There are two questions I would like to ask.  The first  question is how many and what type of clothes do I have to take with me? Another question is how much money do I have to take with me (roughly)?
I am really looking forward to  taking  part  (at*/in)  Camp California.
Yours sincerely,
Duangkamol (Denis) Saowaluk
13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
How are you? I am fine. Remember I  told  you that I  had  been selected to help at a pop concert of a local band? Well, it turned out really well and everybody had a great time.
It was last month that I was selected. I had to help the director  write  a script  (of*/for)  the concert and design the background of the stage. I  had  also been told that they were going to make a music video  (from*/of)  that concert, so I tried as well as I could. I didn't get involved that much in writing  the  script because it was very hard and the director wrote most of it but the main idea  (of*/for)  the background of the stage was  mine , and I am very proud of it. Everything  was  finally   planned   two days before the concert.
On Saturday night, the concert began. Everything went really well . The  music was great and the fans were loving it. When  they finished  singing the last song I was  surprised  when they called me up on the stage and said thank you to me in front of hundreds of people. I am sure that I'll never forget that moment.
Love,
Dear Helen,
I've just seen your letter and I'm really delighted to have won the first prize in your competition.
I would like to travel in July because it's the only month I have two  weeks'  holiday during the summer. I would prefer to be in  a   log cabin  because I feel  unsafe  staying in  a  tent. While  I'm  at the  camp , I would like to play tennis and  go  swimming. I've done  them  for many years and I want to do both once a day. I'm very good at swimming and my level  of proficiency  is  average  at tennis. If possible, could you let me know what I'll need ,  for example  what  clothes I must take and how much I can expect to spend ? 
I'm excited to  be   going  on  holiday  there and ,  thanks to you, I will realize a dream  that I always wanted to do .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim, I want to tell you about  a  good experience I had last month.  I enjoyed  helping at a pop concert and it  was  fabulous. At first,  I helped  them to carry the  equipment  and we  fixed  everything in the  correct  order.  There  were so many pieces that we  spent  a whole day  preparing  the  stage . At the end, we  had  a beer and we talked together. I was astonished to see  how  friendly and funny they were and we  became  good friends. During the show, I was behind them and I could see the spectators shouting and jumping  with their and up . It was unbelievable to  think  that I'd worked with stars and that they were my friends. It is difficult to explain what  I particularly liked  about my experience because  the most memories are in my heart  and I'd never thought that I could get on so well with a group of people  whom  I'd known only for  a  few days.
If possible, I would like  to introduce  you to them .  They  are very nice guys.
Best wishes
Dear Helen Ryan: Thank you for letting me know about my prize  trip  to Camp California in the USA. Here I will  answer  all the questions that you  asked  me, and I will ask you  about  other things that you  didn't  mention.  I'd  like to organize my trip  (in*/for)  July because  that  is when I have vacations, also because  it  is  summertime  in  the  U.S.A . About   accommodation  at Camp  I'd  prefer  a   tent , because it's a new  experience  for me and  I'd  like to sleep in  a   tent  to have a great time  while having a  new adventure. In my free time I like to play golf and swim, so I think that I'm good  at  playing golf. I play every  Saturday  and Sunday  and  ,  after that, I usually go to the pool because I love swimming .  I think that those  are the  sports I  would  like to  do  at the Camp. Helen ,  I  would  like to ask you how  much  money we have to take to the Camp? What kind of  clothing   do  we have take? Thank you very much for your  cooperation .  Yours  sincerely Teresa Reina
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Most of the time when we go to the shopping  centre  we have a lot of fun . We  go to stores to  look   at   clothing , we also eat something like ice cream or French Fries, but  is not enjoyable all the time .
Sometimes when we go shopping with someone who is not    good company, we    don't have a great time, or when we know what we want to buy, but when we get to the store they don't have what we want,  in that  instance  we  need  to shop also when is an important day like Father's day or  Christmas   everywhere  we want to go and buy something   it  is very  crowded  so we can't find what we are looking for     calmly  because everybody is pushing you  in the other direction to the one you want 
 In that instance     we don't enjoy shopping because we can't find what we are looking for and we have a bad time in the shopping  centre .
Dear Miss Helen Ryan
I am writing in reply to your letter. I am absolutely delighted with the news. It really took me by surprise ,  this prize .  I didn't think I would be so lucky  as  to win.
First of all, about your  enquiries , the only time suitable for me to travel is in July. The reason is that my academic year starts in August  therefore  I need to be here.
Secondly, I would rather stay in a tent . There's  no further reason  than  that  it  would be a new experience for me and I'm very excited about it.
I am very keen on photography so I  definitely  will choose this as one of my activities  (during*/at)  the camp. The other thing I'd love to do is sailing. I have got some experience already and I'm used to any weather conditions, furthermore I simply love  water sports  and their  challenges .
Finally I'd like to ask you some questions,  which  are mainly  about  small details. I am not sure whether I will need some special clothes . If  not what sort of clothes  should I  bring, and also how much money roughly  will I  need for my daily expenses. I would be very grateful for your help and advice in  these  matters.
Thanks for the wonderful news.
I'm looking forward to it.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
My dear friend ,  I hope you are very well and just as happy as I am. You must remember me telling you about the pop concert . Well  now that it's over I have time to tell you everything about it.
The concert was a huge success . Lots  of people came and enjoyed the music.
I am very proud of myself because of the way I managed the whole experience, although there were moments when I thought I wasn't going to be able to cope with all the pressure , especially  when the musicians arrived . They  can be very demanding people and sometimes they  come  up with very odd requests. For example once they wanted mineral water of a certain French label   which was impossible to get.
My tasks were very  specific . I had to help with the layout of the stage, which was very complicated, because there are so many cables, and  weir and  things going on at the same time. After that part was  fully functioning  I moved on to work     backstage .
I really enjoyed working with those people . They  are all very professional although they may look a bit eccentric sometimes. However, what I liked the most about it was seeing so many people dancing, jumping and enjoying frenetically    something that I had been part of and helped to make     happen .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Best Wishes
Warsaw, 13th of June 2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I am writing in response to your letter which I received two days go and in order to answer all questions I was asked   .
First of all, the only month I will be able to visit the U.S.A. is July due to the fact that I have already arranged another trip for August.
 Secondly , I would prefer to  stay  in a tent. I am used to this kind of accommodation since I have been taking part in survival camps for a long time.
As far as the activities are concerned, I have chosen sailing and surfing. The reason  (of*/for)  my decision is that other activities are  also available  in my  country , except climbing, but I have  a  fear of heights so this one is not  destined  for people like me.
Furthermore, I would like to ask you some questions. What type of clothes should I take and how much money would be enough? Is this a kind of "all inclusive"  holiday ?
Thank you in advance.
Yours faithfully,
Ursula Sobczak
Warsaw, 13 June 2000
Dear Kim,
I think I told you about my plans     to join  a group that helps at concerts, didn't I? Well, I took my chance and I was chosen to help at Michael Jackson's concert. Amazing, isn't it? The event took place a month ago in the Rock Stadium. There  were  about 100 000 people. We had a lot of things to do.  Actually , they put me very close to the stage, in the middle of the real hell. Many people fainted and some of them, the most serious cases, had to be taken to hospital. The biggest problem was connected with some foreigners who couldn't speak Polish or English and we didn't know how to help them. Despite this fact, the atmosphere was terrific.
After the concert many people lost their way home, mostly foreigners who didn't know the buses' schedule. We had to order taxis for them as they didn't have mobile telephones. However, they were very nice people.
I didn't manage to meet Michael as I had expected, but apart from that, I really enjoyed  the  time I spent there.
You should also try  it .
Best wishes,
Ursula.
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
 Thank  you very much for your letter. It is great that I could win the first prize in your competition, which means that I will have the  opportunity  to spend two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I am sure it will be an exciting experience for me.
As  requested     you will find the information you need  below .
First, I would like to travel in July because my company is going to close for  the  holiday at that  time  and it would  suit  me very well.
Secondly, I would prefer  to stay  in  a  tent because I  enjoy  being outside close to    nature.
Thirdly,  concerning the activities    which I can choose, it is a little bit difficult to decide because I would like to try all of them! As I am very good at tennis and swimming I will choose these. I have won various little tennis tournaments in my country and abroad ,  and I am able to swim  in  every style. Finally, I have two questions. Please let me know  what  clothes    I need    and how much money in cash and    travellers  cheques   should  I take with me. I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
E. Elmo.
Sometimes the bad  characters  in a story are more interesting than the good ones.
I completely agree with this statement. Recently I have  read  a short story written by Agatha Christie.  Its  title was: "The  Mystery  of Hunter's Lodge". The  character   whom  I liked most was that of Mrs. Havering, the mistress.
It was very exciting because she could play  two people at the same time : herself and the  housekeeper . Although from my point of view she planned the murder of his uncle and was able to do it ,  I think that her husband only followed  her orders . She was the  boss  in this story. The plan was almost  perfect  and the police  couldn't   have discovered  the murderer without the help of Mr. Poirot.
In my opinion Mrs. Havering was  an  extremely intelligent person in addition to being a very good actress and this made this story full of suspense. Moreover she must have had  an "ice blood"  and strong nerves to handle  things  in that way.
As far as I am concerned I would appreciate  having   some of her characteristics myself ,  like take a decision and handle .
Dear  Madam ,
I am  writing  this letter to  inform  you about the decisions I have made  regarding  your questions.
First of all I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because I will    have finished my exams by the end of June. I will not be able to travel  (on*/in)  August because I have found a job for that month.
Secondly I would prefer to  stay  in  a  log  cabin . When I was a child I was  afraid  of all these little insects that    live in the ground and this fear still  remains     now. I also think that the log cabin will be much more  comfortable  than the tent.
 Basketball  and swimming are the two activities I have chosen. I  have played  basketball since I was twelve years old and I  have been   a  member of the  school basketball  team for four years. In swimming I  won  the first  prize   (of*/in)  a local competition.
 Finally  I would like to ask you for some further  information  about the clothes and the money we will need.
Yours  faithfully 
Dear Kim,
As you already know, last month I was helping at a pop concert. It was a very  exciting  experience and I really enjoyed  myself  very much.
I didn't have to do  anything  very difficult. I was only  responsible  for  the property of the back stages . But if anyone  asked  for some help I was always there.
The most exciting  thing  about this experience was  meeting  all these well-known people. I was shocked and terrified the  first  time I saw them, but the truth is that they are men like us. They have a very simple life and   behaviour   when they  aren't  on the  stage  . 
If I have the opportunity next month I really want to go back. I will definitely apply for a place.
Love
Kelly.
Dear Helen
I have just received the letter with the result of your competition. I feel really enthusiastic about spending a couple of weeks at Camp California. Unfortunately, as I will be on  traineeship  in August, I hope this  can  occur in July.
 Besides  I would prefer staying in a tent. It  gives  me a feeling of adventure ,  which is very exciting. I'm also very glad to see such a variety of activities  on offer  at the camp. It's quite difficult to say  whether  I prefer painting or sailing.  All in all  I have never  tried   golf   or  surfing, so let's try it!
 Finally , I would like to know where the camp is located. Will I have the opportunity to visit San Franscico or Los Angles? I would love it! Moreover, how much money will I need if I want to go out at night? These are some further details I keep wondering about. I'm  waiting  for your answer.
Yours  sincerely 
Ignace Cloutier.
Daily life at school:
What should be filmed.
First of all, I would like to lay the emphasis on the fact that this report can be seen by the  Headmaster . Therefore it must be objective. Then it may improve our  daily  life at school.
It would be interesting to film a math lesson. As it is very boring, everybody would understand how difficult it is to get good marks  (at*/in)  the final examination.
Then I would like to film the computer rooms. Sometimes there  are  so  many  people that you have to wait half an hour to get  a  computer. If only we could get some new ones.
 Eventually , it would be nice to  film  a sequence with lots of sports activities. It would bring some rhythm to the video. Moreover it will  show off   how  healthy the students are.
These are some ideas we could discuss   .
Dear Ms. Ryan,
I have just received your letter and I am writing to give you further information about myself.
First of all, July is the only month I can travel in because I will have to start working from August, and I would like to stay in a tent when I am at the Camp so that I can enjoy the great atmosphere which tents only can make and I love.
I would also like to tell you which two activities I am keen to do at the Camp. One of them is basketball, which I have been playing for over seven years, and I am the captain of my university basketball team. The other one is tennis, which is also my  favourite   sport  and I have been playing for several years. I go to elementary school to teach children how to play tennis every Wednesday and Friday.
I am therefore writing to enquire about some things. What I would like to know is what the weather is like so that I can bring appropriate clothes and also how much money I should bring. Lastly, I would like to know how many people are  coming  to the Camp I will go  to .
I  should  be grateful if you would send me  the  further information that I asked  for  and I look forward to hearing from you soon.
 Yours faithfully ,
Makoto Tanaka
For a short video
Introduction
The aim of this report is to summarize the results of a survey about lessons and other activities which should be filmed. This report is based on a sample of over 80 students of my school.
 Favourite  lessons
Interestingly, over half of the students who were asked enjoy attending history class, while 30 per cent are keen to take an art and music class, and a small number of the student (less than 15 per cent) like to take social studies class.
 Favourite  activities
Not surprisingly, football was well-preferred as an activity which students do after school generally (over 30 per cent) and also about 25 per cent preferred baseball. Amazingly, over 20 per cent of the students would like to take up handball from next year.
Conclusion
To sum up, it seems that there are so many interesting lessons and activities at our school,
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
Thank you  very  much for the letter you sent me. I am  very  happy     to win  this prize and I hope my stay there will be great!
First of all, I can only travel in July because I have  exams  at school and they are  very  important to me and I hope you  will  understand my problem. And I  would  like to  stay  in a log  cabin , because I do not like sleeping in tents, because of the bugs and insects.
For the activities I would like to  choose  the  tennis    , which I am not too bad at, and climbing,  which  I have never done but  which  must be interesting.
I  would  like to  know  if I need to take any clothes, and, if  so ,  what kind of clothes ? I also  want to know  if I should take any  money , or if all the  expenses  are  paid  by  you . I am looking forward to your reply.
Yours sincerely,
Santiago
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Sometimes people go to the mall to look at products and don't even buy anything. But of course, there are some exceptions. For example, when you buy something, you might lose it and never  see it again , or you could be robbed, or    if the product has something wrong with it, then you have to swap it and that takes time.
And sometimes the  cashpoint  machines don't work, or they don't accept your card or    you have exceeded the limit  (of*/on)  your credit card.
Another bad thing is that people want  some things  very badly, and they can't afford  them . That makes those people frustrated and they don't enjoy  themselves .
Dear Mrs/Ms Ryan,
I am writing  to  you because I would like to  provide  the information that you ask for.
Firstly, I would like to travel there in July because it is the only month that I have free  (in*/from)  my job. It will be impossible  at  another  time , but if you have any problem you will be able to advise me, although I prefer to go there in July because I think  it  is the best month to travel ;  the weather is nicer and warmer than in other seasons.
Secondly, my  choice  is the accommodation in tents .  I think it could be more interesting .  I could enjoy my time with other people playing, eating and talking outside . In  my opinion if I choose the  log cabin  it will be like  being  at home.
About the two activities I need to select, I think the best  ones  are swimming and painting. I choose swimming because I really love doing it .  I used to swim every day in the sea a few years ago .  I felt really healthy. My other  choice  is painting .  I  have been painting  since I was ten years old .  I used to go to special classes and I don't mind if you need me to help in the class.
 One  thing I would like  to ask  is if I need special clothes .  I don't know what kind of camp I am going  to . It should be a dry place, I think ,  but I would like to make sure    . Also , I would like to know how much money I will need, because  it is also all paid  I don't know if there will be  any  gift shops.
I look forward  to  hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Patricia Reyes
- Shopping is not always enjoyable -
The most popular "sport" that  everyone   does   is   obviously  shopping. This is the thing that   moves    hundreds  and hundreds of people in the world and we don't have to go to Japan ,  we have the  evidence  here in England. But the question is: Is shopping always enjoyable?
Some people think that going shopping can keep you away from depression. You can enjoy your time spending all the money you have, buying clothes,  jewellery ,  furniture , etc. and you could have a  really  great time.
But other people don't think like this . For  example, there is a case of a woman who was shopping with her little daughter and without  intention  the girl  got  lost. The mother was  shocked  . She  didn't know how to look for her because all the shops and streets were full of people going  in and out   the places  . It  was  a  nightmare but  fortunately  the police found her.
Sometimes going shopping can be stressful. Can you  imagine   being  in Japan or China and  having  to go to the shops? I don't  think  that  I'd  enjoy it, all the people  kicking  you, you can't walk properly or buy  anything  . And  also there are  a  lot of cases which show how people can be in shops .  I mean that some people can fight to get something. Where  are we  going!!
In my opinion shopping is not  a  thing that I would like to do in my free time. I think that it's too stressful,  there are  too many people in the shops, so I prefer  to spend  my free time    swimming or painting and I go shopping  (in*/on)  the days  when  usually there are not too many people.
13.6.00
Dear Hellen,
Thank you very much for your letter ,   which  I received yesterday. I am very happy that I won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at  Camp  California in  the  USA. Also I am pleased   that I don't have to pay any expenses.
I would like to travel  at the  end of July. In June I have other arrangements, such as my school exams and my birthday.  The last two weeks of July are convenient for me . After my school exams I will have time to prepare myself for the trip.
In your letter you  ask  me to  choose  which  type of   accommodation  I prefer. I would like very much to stay in  a   tent . Last year I  stayed  in  a   tent  with some friends in England and I really enjoyed it.  In summertime  the weather is good and I don't see  there being  any problem  with  anywhere I  stay .
During my time in California, I would love to have the chance  to do  some leisure activities such as swimming. It is my favourite sport. I am good  at swimming and fast . Another sport I love is  basketball .  Hopefully  I will meet some other girls  interested  in the same sport. So we  will all play  as a team.
My final question is this. Can you let me know if there  are  any facilities for washing my clothes ?  If not I will bring with me enough to last for two weeks. Please give me a rough idea how much spending money I will need.
Please write soon
Yours Sincerely
 Shopping  is not always enjoyable.
As a housewife I have a good  idea about it . Once a week I go shopping. Sometimes I go  twice  .  We all have to do our shopping. It is unavoidable .  Sometimes it is pleasant, and sometimes it's not.
I often shop with no problems, but on Saturday  it  is not the same.  The shops  are so crowded and it takes  a  long time to find what we want and what we need. Also we  have  to face a long queue in order to pay.  It is tiring for some people to spend long hours shopping . I find it very tiring sometimes.
Shopping is not always enjoyable because we spend money. Usually  we spend much more money  than we expect. We can't do anything about  it . We have to face it - it  has both sides . Sometimes shopping is very enjoyable but not  every day .
Dear Mrs Ryan!
I'm very happy that I won first prize in your  competition . Two weeks at California in the USA is the thing  I dreamed about  a lot. You asked me few questions in your letter. I would like to answer.
The only     time  for me to visit you is July. I can come to USA  (on*/in)  July  because   (on*/in)  August I will be working with my father. We are building a new house for our family. What about accommodation ?  I prefer tents to log cabins. Nights  in hol.   (on*/in)  July are hot.  A tent  will be  cooler  to sleep  in   than   a  cabin.
You offer a great  variety  of activities. My best sports disciplines are swimming and basketball. I am a life guard and I could work in your camp as a rescuer next summer. Basketball is the game which I love. I always watch the NBA matches on T.V. It will be great for me to  do  basketball in  the  USA. I have  questions   too . How much money should I take with me and what sort of clothes are  required  ? 
Thank You.
Yours sincerely K.
 Shopping  is not always enjoyable.
Ten or fifteen years ago we had  empty shelves in shops in Poland . We could only buy things from Russia. People  always  queued for stuff from  the  west. If you had wanted something special for example for a gift you had to stay in a line all night. It was the worst side of shopping in Poland  a  couple  of  years ago. Nowadays we have capitalism, free market ,  lots of  private  shops, markets and  supermarkets . We can buy everything    we imagine. Polish  supermarkets  are not  Polish-origin  shops. They are imported from  another  Western  European  country.
I  appreciate   these  shops for lots of products,  cheap  prices  and  big spaces. But the problem is when I want to buy only one thing, for example bread. On  Friday  evening and    on the weekdays  all  supermarkets are crowded. They are filled  (by*/with)  people who  want   to buy  everything.
I do not like crowded places. This is the reason why I do not like shopping.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I was very pleased to receive your letter which informed me of my winning the first prize in your competition, namely two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
To begin with, I would like to travel in July. This is the only possible time for me, as the school holiday starts on the 29th of June. And from August on I  planned  to do some part-time job in order to earn some pocket money.
Referring to the possibilities of accommodation, I'd prefer log cabins to tents. Firstly, log cabins are more  comfortable  than tents. Secondly, I do not like tents.  Last but not least , I always have backache after sleeping in a tent for a couple of days.
As I  have  been asked to choose two activities I would like to  do  during my stay at the camp, I chose Golf and singing. I have never played Golf actually, but I would love to try something new. As for singing, I am very keen on singing as I  take  lessons in it. I just love singing.
I would like to know whether there  are  some facilities for washing    Clothes. Especially in summer, clothes get dirty very easily.
Lastly, does the prize include pocket money? If not, I will have to bring some with me. Is there a possibility of exchanging different  currencies  to US  dollars ? I ask you to  include  the answer in your reply.
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.
Yours faithfully
Mee-Yon Areum.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
When you think of shopping, it reminds you of going out (mostly) with friends, looking for new things like clothes,  accessories  etc. and buying them. It sounds nice and shopping is great fun - or it should be.
Nowadays shopping can be very stressful. It all starts with the search  (of*/for)  an appropriate parking-space which can last annoyingly long, especially at weekends.
Nevertheless, the nightmare starts when you enter the shopping mall or the passage, which is terribly crowded. You cannot make a step without "touching"    others. It gets enormously unbearable  (in*/on)  hot summer days, when the temperature increases. In such a situation your friends or the people you are shopping with get lost very easily and looking for them can be very tiring. But the worst moment comes   if you cannot find the thing you were looking for, because it is no longer trendy or because it is sold out.
Of course, shopping is not always so unpleasant, but sometimes it is simply better to stay at home.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am  writing  to thank you for your letter confirming  that I won the first prize  in your competition. I would  also like     to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip.
First of all, I would like to inform you that I will be able to travel only during July because in June I am going to  sit  examinations for the First Certificate in English. Furthermore, in August I will be preparing for my course at the  university   where  I am starting next September.
Secondly, I would be grateful if you could arrange  accommodation for me  in log cabins as I am not used  (on*/to)   staying  in the countryside and especially  not  in tents.
In addition, I would like to inform you that I  would  prefer to do Surfing and Sailing while I  am  at the  camp , as I am an active member of  the  Sailing and Surfing Club of Manchester and it will be a great chance for me to practise my techniques and skills.
I would  also be  grateful if you could send me information about the average  cost of living   (at*/in)  California ,  as I have to  work out  the amount of money that I am going to spend, and some advice about the clothes that I need. I would  also like   you  to specify if the food is  included  in the prize.
Please let me know if you need more information.
Yours sincerely
As requested, I visited some classes during     lessons  and some other rooms while activities were taking place.
The aim of this report is  to make  a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed.
 It  seems to me that it will be an extremely good advertisement for our school if you  take plans from  the  chemistry lesson  in the laboratory, because our laboratory is new, recognised as one of the best in the area as it has a huge amount of  equipment  and really some very good  teachers , and also many experiments are taking place in this laboratory . 
Furthermore, I think it will be a good idea to  take plans from a match of our school team   (in*/on)  the football  pitch  as it is completely new and  fully   equipped .
In addition, I think you   also have to take  plans from  the school's  nursery  as there are a lot of facilities for the children, and the parents can  see  that the teachers are very good.
I  also think  that  it  will be a good idea to take some general  plans  of the school area as there is a huge  background .
In conclusion, I have to declare that     I  and my fellow students will be available to help  (to*/with)  this short video  by all means .
Dear Ms Ryan
I'm so happy to  receive  your letter, and I want to  give  you the information you need. I would like the  trip   to start      in   July  if possible . Because  this is my   holiday  start    at the Camp California ,  I would like my  accommodation  in  a   tent , because I work in  the  Army and  (in*/on)  the camp I usually stay in  a  tent at night, so I will feel more comfortable.  Regarding   the  activities I would like to choose Swimming and climbing for my activities  (in*/at)   the   camp  ;   I usually do these two activities   (in*/on)  the Army Camp .  I know how to  climb up on Rachiat outside and help other people to  climb  up .  I teach people to swim  in  the  Army. And I have a question to ask?  Do I need any money on the camp     and what kind of clothes  do  I have to wear   ?
Yours Sincerely
To make a  daily life  video in school, we should  concentrate  on the  things we do most  in a school . The   thing we do most  in a school is  have   lessons  . It   will be  a very useful  part  of this video and  should be  the main subject. The lessons we  include  in the video   should be the main subject we study. In the video I think we should take  time  to talk about   what we  do  in  our   free  time and study  periods . This is another important part of our school life, and we should  include  a section    about lunch and  where are the people go to eat their lunch or what they do?  After we talk about lunch, we should  talk  about  the  activities we are doing and  the systems about the activities in school or outside school and  have  a little section  (of*/about)  the  school  term, and what kind of sport the people like the most . At the end of the video, we should find one or two  students  sit together and ask them a few  questions   (of*/about)  how    they feel  about   studying   (in*/at)  the  school ?  This  is  the suggestion to making a daily life video in school .
Jun 10/2000
-Helen Ryan-
I am really  surprised   for the information because  I won, and I  would like  to  say     thank you for  everything  . This  is why I wrote and  sent  this letter with the information you need I can only  travel in July because it is the only time  when  I can do it before  for my  work I do not really care   what  accommodation  I will     have .  I  would  prefer  to come  in July  I will be  available  for the moment  .  I  would  really  appreciate   it  if you  could  tell    the people who work  (in*/at)  Camp California   I choose the Golf and Photography because I think I am really  interested  in  those   subjects  .  I am  not  really really good but I have some  experience . I would like to ask you what kind of clothes I need to take for the place and for the weather  follow for the money , how much money  do  I need to take? I think  that  is  everything  I  would like  to know. Thank you very much for  your  time.
sincerely
-Dear Kim-
How are you? I hope you are fine  like the same for me .
I  want  to apologise  (with*/to)  you, because I  haven't   written  to you recently, but I  want  to tell you what  happened  to me       last  week  .  I had the opportunity to help  (in*/at)  one of the most <NS type="MJ"></NS> pop  concerts  in my city . So   imagine , I  felt  really really good and  excited  .     I don't have words     to describe   it  but I  will  try to do it, OK?
They  needed  one girl to  do   the   make-up   (to*/of)  the stars of the group, so I  did  it .  I was talking with the manager and the people  (inside*/in)  the group so I  met  a lot of people and  that's  good for my curriculum vitae    . But  the best  it  for  me     was when one of the group  they with me one rose for my work am really proud about them !
I really enjoy that kind of day ,  what about you? I need to  go  out  now  .  I  will  keep in touch.
 love  and kisses.
Dear  Madam ,
I have received your letter about the competition 'two weeks at Camp California' - I am very glad to know  that I   have  won the first prize! In the following you can find, I hope,  all  the information you need to complete the  enrolment  procedure. I would like to travel only  (on*/in)  July because, as you already know, at the moment I am following a doctoral course at    Cornell University:  the  school is closed  (on*/in)  July and so, in that period, I am available for the camp. If possible, the  type of   accommodation  I prefer is  a  tent.  There  are two main reasons for  this  choice: I am very keen on camping in high mountains and hills and I am very skilled in all the  related  activities:  putting up  the tent, cooking  on camp  and so on. Furthermore I have several personal objects that play a fundamental role in the  daily life of the camp  (the tent, the  sleeping  bag and so on.). Among the proposed activities, I prefer swimming and singing. Indeed, I like    water  sports  and I am  quite a  good  guitarist   and  singer .  Some questions:  what   is  the average temperature at the camp  (on*/in)  July? What are the  best  clothes to  wear  at the camp? How much money  will I need  at the camp?
I will be very glad to  participate   (to*/in)  your camp!
Yours  faithfully 
Steve Galliano
Our school, as    is well known, is a technical school and consequently  its  daily life  consists of  different activities performed in the classrooms or in the laboratories. A short video,  shown  to the English class, must take into account all these aspects of the life of our school. Here we can describe some lessons or other activities which can be filmed  for  the video. The  maths  lessons are divided in two  parts : the theoretical one where the definitions and the theorems are presented to students and the numerical one where the problems are solved and the applications are explained. Two particular activities are performed in  the physics laboratory and the chemistry laboratory . In the former some of the most important physical laws are experimentally verified by the students with the help of an assistant. In the latter many chemical reactions may be reproduced to show to the students the resulting effects and the final compounds generated. These activities are very interesting and they will  surely be   included  in the video.
Moreover, many  sports  activities are performed in our school: swimming, tennis, gym, jogging and so on. Some parts of the final video may  show  these additional features of the school.
To Whom It May Concern,
I'd like to say thank you for choosing me and sending me the letter. I am extremely excited about the camp! For the camp, you need some information from me, don't you? Therefore I am going to write  it  down.
First, I'd like to travel  (on*/in)  July because my friend, who is French, is coming to Toronto  (on*/in)  August. Therefore, I'd like to show her around and spend time with her as much as possible.
Second, I prefer log cabins  (than*/to)  tents. The reason is that the camp will be two weeks and log cabins are more comfortable than tents. However, if the log cabins are not available at the moment, I can stay in the tents.
Third, I'd like to choose painting and surfing for the activities.  This is because  I've  been  surfing since 1998 and I'm keen on surfing. Also, painting is one of my  favourite  things! And I always wanted to learn how to paint.
Lastly, I'd like to ask you some questions. I know everything is included and I don't need to pay anything ,  but  should I bring some money in case  or not? And if I need to bring some money could you suggest    the amount?
Also, could you suggest    what kind of clothes I should bring, please?
Thank you very much for reading this letter. I really appreciate your choosing me. I am really looking forward  to  this camp. Thank you.
Truly,
Yoshiko Murasaki
Dear Kim,
Hi! How are you? I'm fine, thanks.
Anyway, I really enjoyed  helping  at a pop concert last month so that I'd like to write  about it !
First, we went to this office to apply for this job. The interview was OK and my friend and I  were  hired!
Then, the day of the concert came! Can you imagine how excited we were? Our  hearts   were   thumping  and we were kind of nervous, however, there were a lot of things to do ,  so we started working.
After working 30  minutes , a singer appeared. While we were organizing the concert, she was singing on a stage. We could listen for free! I just imagined what it was like to be a singer. If only I could sing beautifully!
Anyway, by the time we finished everything,  thousands  of  fans  came  (in*/into)  this concert hall. Everybody looked very excited about the concert.
During the concert, we had to stand to protect this singer. We saw some very strange fans but most of them were quite nice. Actually, they were well-behaved.
Finally, the concert finished and we were thanked by this singer. Also, we got some  posters  as well.
It was a great experience for me and my friend. I wish you  had been  there with us! Maybe next time!
By the way, I think I should go. Please take care and please write to me, right?
Love,
Yoshiko.
Dear Ms Ryan
I'm writing to reply to your questions about Camp California. First of all, thank you very much for giving me such a good opportunity. I'm very pleased and I'd like to go to the States as soon as possible, however I'm free only in July. Currently I'm studying in England and the school finishes at the end of June. After that I will go back to Japan and continue studying at College, but it  starts  at the beginning of August.
As for the accommodation ,  I would prefer log cabins. I'm not  the  kind of person who can easily fall  asleep  and it gets worse when I am in a tent.
At the Camp I'd like to do climbing and golf. I belonged to a climbing club at my  high school  and I've got a lot of knowledge from my experienced teacher. I often climbed mountains when I was in high school. My golf teacher is my father and I've only played in a  practising  centre, but my father and his friends say I have good talent  (of*/for)  golf.
Lastly ,  I'd like to ask you some questions. That is how many and what sort of clothes I need and how much money I should bring.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
Yours sincerely,
I think we should follow our time table if we make a video about daily school life, but we cannot film every  lesson  so I picked  out  some interesting ones.
Firstly ,  we should  definitely  put the news review lesson  in , because we start every morning with that class and it is where we have a lot of discussion.
Secondly ,  I think the FCE class should be filmed. Most of us (students) came to our school because they wanted to study English, so it should be the important part. In addition ,  if we film the class, people can see how interesting or funny the lesson is.
Then why don't we film our lunch time because it is also important, isn't it? I think we should film it at the very crowded moment so that people can see we have to wait patiently before we reach our  food .
I think ,   next  we can film either the development class or the society class, because in my opinion they are the most interesting classes apart from the FCE class.
For the very last part ,  why not  film  our faces when all the lessons are finished?
Dear Helen,
I  received  your letter this morning and I'm very happy  (for*/about)   winning  first prize.
It's a great opportunity for me  to participate  in your Camp California because  normally  I work a lot and I can't spend money  (to*/on)  travel . Moreover , I have to  support   a  big family because I'm married and I have three children.
I would like to travel in July because before  then  I have to work with my father because he's ill.
For  the  accommodation I  would  prefer a  log  cabin because  it'll be  more comfortable. I  know  that I would like to sleep in a tent but  (in*/at)  this moment I have a little problem with my right leg and it's better for me to sleep in a bed.
I know that I have the chance to do two activities during this  time . I have to choose painting and    photography therefore. I would prefer surfing or climbing but I have to think  (in*/of)  my  health .
In your letter you explain    that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for but I need to know if the life  (in*/on)  Camp California is expensive or not because I have to bring money.  I hope the weather  will be good so I suppose I have to bring  short  clothes.
I'm very  enthusiastic  and I   wait for  your answer as soon is possible .
Yours sincerely,
In our society    money is one of the most important  aspect to have power .
If we  think  about  it , we will realise that we need money all    day. Not only for the basic needs but also for the rest of  our  activities.
There are a lot of people who spend a lot of money because they like shopping. Sometimes, they have to buy something that they need but ,  frequently, they buy  things  only to spend money. This is a big problem because a lot of families  don't have  money       to spend  going shopping.
We have to teach    our children the value of    money, to explain the difficulties  of   earning  money in a job, because we have to work eight, nine or ten hours a day, for example.  Educating the youngest is a first step  and  helps  our society.
 Money  is important but we have to know how to spend it: shopping is not always enjoyable.
Dear Miss Helen Ryan,
I am  writing  to reply  to  your letter and  communicate  my  acceptance  of the first prize in your Competition.
This summer, I am available  (on*/in)  July because  (on*/in)   August  my family and I are going to go to Canada and  (on*/in)  September I will go back  (at*/to)  university. If there is no chance to go to California  (on*/in)  July, I could wait  until  next summer.
About accommodation, I would like to  have  a  log  cabin because last year I had an accident and my back  was   injured , so sleeping in a tent    would be painful for me.
I play basketball at university and my  standard  is quite good but  what  I am really enjoying is being a referee. Due to my back  injury , this year I could not train and play with my team, so I am not fit . It  would be a good  idea  to be a referee. I would like to swim everyday if  it  is  possible .  Although  swimming is so  boring , it would be a good  thing   to help      cure  my back.
Could you please let me know where  I will   eat ?  If   there will  be a vegetarian menu?  And  how much is it?  How   much  money  do  you think  I will  need for those two weeks? And please could you give me  some  details about  what  the weather  is  like there and what type  of  clothes  I will  have to  bring ?
Looking forwards to hearing from you
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Kim,
It was brilliant! I had the best month  (in*/of)  my life. It was a hard month because my job was very hard .  I worked 12 hours per day but  always  with  fun  people. My job was cleaning the  floor  after the concert; "it was very dirty". It wasn't a nice job but I had all night for drinking and dancing of course .  I  didn't have  to pay     to get  in.
I  fell  in love with a beautiful girl "Calen" . She  is from Spain and was selling "hot dogs". She will come to Liverpool next week and I'll put her up. Probably she'll come with a friend  and  if you want you can  join  us.
Helping at the pop concert has been a great experience because I've  met     new friends and I know that  (in*/at)  the concert there  aren't  any  drunks  just  fun  ,  wonderful people.
I am looking forward to next summer because I'd like to go to Spain to help  (in*/with)  "Doctor Meesee" ,   which  is the best concert in the world .  I hope you will come there. You have to save up  some  money because Spain is too expensive (beach, beer, discos..).
Love
Dear Ms Helen Ryan,
I am very pleased about the prize I just won in your competition. Thank you for choosing me. Here is some further information about myself and a few  enquiries .
First of all, I am sorry to say that I  can  only travel in July. As my family's new restaurant is about to open in August, I need to help with the restaurant, which is expected to be rather busy.
Secondly, I would like to  sleep  in log cabins while I am staying at the camp. I had  a  bad experience last time I  stayed  in a tent. I was  terribly  attacked by a  bear  and it still gives me nightmares!
As for selecting two activities, basketball and surfing are definitely on my list. I spend one third of my spare time playing basketball. As a result, I have an important position in our local basketball team. Surfing was a  new  sport to me which I took up recently. It is really  fascinating  to challenge  the  waves. I wish I could learn  to be better  so that I could enjoy it more in the future.
 Also  ,  what kind of clothes shall I bring with me? How much money is  it  appropriate to  bring ?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I really wish you  had been  there with me  (at*/on)     one of the exciting nights in my life. Now I can't wait to tell you every detail. Are you ready?
 It  was a pop concert  (of*/by)  Steps in  the  M.E.N Arena. And I was initially employed to be an entrance assistant whose job was to keep the queue under control as well as keeping the area clean.
A few minutes after the concert began, a backstage assistant called in sick who was responsible for checking  whether  everything  was  going well according to the timetable . If  something comes up, she should inform  the  other staff. I was then taken  on  to cover her job. I couldn't find my feet at first as I was so nervous. I was given lots of paper with many different  times  on it. I did manage to "study" them though, thanks to  the  other staff. They were very helpful and nice. They patiently explained to me my job even  though  they were fairly busy themselves. Then I found it was not as complicated as I  thought   at first . And I guess I did a good job as everything was  going  quite well.
I saw all the members of the band backstage, how    they  changed  their make-up, hairstyle etc. They were even  making  jokes with me and other staff. I was impressed when they kept saying " thank you " to the staff. Indeed, they  cannot  succeed without their help, can they? I was lucky to have this chance and able to  learn  how they work behind the  scenes . All in all, it was a  once-in-a-lifetime  experience.
Yours,
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I have just received your letter and feel happy about winning first prize. I am now writing to give you all  the  information you require.
First of all, I would like to travel only in July because I am employed and will be able to finish my contract in June.  (On*/In)  August I am going to apply for a new job.
Also, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than stay in a tent. From my point of view, log cabins are more comfortable.
Another consideration are  the  activities. I enjoy playing basketball and golf. Also I think I am good at singing and at dancing.
I would be most  grateful  if you could let me  have  some information:
- How  do I   get  to Camp California from  the  airport?
- How far from  the   city centre   is the camp  situated?
- How much money  do  I have to take with me?
- What is the weather in California in July?
- What kind of clothes would you recommend me  bringing  with me?
- Are there leisure and  entertainment  facilities close to the camp?
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Report
To: Mr Clark
From: Sonya Volavkova
 Attitudes  to the video about life at our school
Introduction:-
The aim of this report is to summarize the pupil's  attitudes   (about*/to)   the  video they have to  make  and to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed. The report is based on  the   opinions  of more than 300 pupils.
What would the pupils prefer to film?
According to the  response   these  are the most important activities pupils would like to film (80 per cent of those questioned  wanted these things filmed )
- lessons in Mathematics and History, because pupils have very good  exam   results .
- lessons in dancing, because 80 per cent  of  girls attend the  Dance  Club
-  the   basketball competition , because our school's team won first prize in our  gerian .
-  the  pupils'  trip  to London, during the last holiday, because it was great!
- Also they would like to film the  pet  corner at school, because they enjoy taking care of animals.
Conclusion: It is clear   that the  making  of  the  video is  a  very important event for  the  children, and pupils would prefer to film only  the  positive events of their life at school ,   which  I have written above.
Dear Miss Ryan,
I have safely received your letter bringing the good news. I wish that I could describe how ecstatic I felt when I found  out  that I won the competition. Here I enclose some information which you requested in the letter I received.
I think that the best and most convenient time for me to travel would be in July. This is because it falls on my  semester  holidays and    it is also summer in America. This trip will give me a chance to relax during my holidays, as well as  allowing  me to gain valuable knowledge and experience.
Between the tent and log cabin, I think that I would prefer the tent. It will let me get up    close  (with*/to)  nature, and experience life in the wild. Living in a tent will also enhance my survival skills, making this a trip to remember.
Camp California certainly has plenty of activities to do. However, among all of them I like swimming and tennis the best. I have  a lot of  experience  (in*/with)  swimming and have represented my school before. As for tennis, I find it very enjoyable and have gone for proper lessons.
 Last but not least , I wonder if you could inform me of the clothes I should bring to America. As I have not been there before, I am rather unsure of what to wear. I am also trying to decide on the amount of money I should bring. Will I be going out much, or just  staying  in Camp California all the time?
I hope that I haven't taken up too much time. Thank you for this exciting news. I can't wait to go on this adventure of a lifetime!
Yours sincerely,
(Au Kwan Ming)
Dear Kim,
How are you in London? I hope the weather is holding up. I hear that it can be terrible at times. Guess what? Last month, I got to help out at a pop concert. It was a fantastic experience.
The concert was held  (at*/in)  our school hall. All the students had to help to brighten up the place, and boy did we work. I helped to decorate the walls. My friends and I managed to paint a smart navy blue on the old, faded green. It wasn't as easy as I had expected, there are special equipment and techniques which must be used to ensure a good result.
Besides that, I also helped to do banners and signs to inform other people about the concert. It was hard work, I had to saw wood and paint all day long. Several other students helped me out, and we managed to make some eye-catching advertisements.
I also helped  (in*/with)  the lighting and studio equipment. I fixed the lighting on the ceiling and attached several spotlights to the walls. This produced a stunning effect during the concert. I also got to  install  new speakers so that the music could be heard clearly throughout the hall.
I enjoyed  installing  the studio equipment in particular. It gave me  a  chance to expand my knowledge and gain new skills in electronics. On the whole, it was a fun experience to work with friends,  putting in  bulbs, attaching lights and adding speakers.
I really enjoyed myself and I hope that you can have the chance to experience this too. I hope that you can write to me soon. I look forward to reading what you have to say. Bye for now!
 Yours  sincerely , 
(Au Kwan Ming)
Dear Helen Ryan:
I am writing to answer    the questions I have been asked in your previous letter. I have decided I would like to visit Camp California only in July because I have already organized  another  trip for the month of  August .
I would    prefer sleeping in  a   log cabin  if  it's  possible because I have back problems and I am not allowed to sleep on the ground.
I have also chosen as activities the  options  of Golf and tennis. I am rather good at these sports because I have  played  them since I was a little girl. I am better at tennis that at golf but anyway I have experience in both these sports.
I have also several simple questions. I would like to know how much money I have to take and what type of clothes I need. Do I have to take  my tennis racquet and my golf bag with me ? I would be very  grateful  to  receive  answers to my questions. thank you.
yours sincerely,
Dear Kim:
How are you? I'm fine. I finish school next week. I have to tell you all about the pop concert I helped to organize last month.  It  was really cool. I got the chance to meet Ricky Martin. Boy,  he's  really really  handsome !
I was in charge of the  stage lights , you know, all those colourful lights that go all around the stage. It was hard work  and  I  had  been practising for several weeks. I had to learn what part of the stage had to be  lit  with a blue light  and what part  a green one. Even though I ended  up  terribly tired I really enjoyed myself.
It was a strange experience because  it's  something new  (for*/to)  me. I had never even gone to a concert before. I even got the chance to take some photographs of ricky Martin with my sister and I've got one photo of him with me!!
Well, its an experience I'll never forget as long as I live. Write to me as soon as possible, please!
 Your  friend,
DEAR MS. RYAN,
IN REFERENCE TO YOUR LETTER DATED 28 MAY I WOULD LIKE TO THANK YOU FOR INFORMING ME ABOUT THE COMPETITION RESULT. I AM VERY GLAD TO HEAR THAT I AM THE  winner  OF THE COMPETITION ORGANISED BY YOUR COMPANY LAST MONTH. IT IS VERY  PLEASING  TO KNOW THAT I HAVE A CHANCE TO SPEND TWO WEEKS AT CAMP CALIFORNIA IN THE USA, WHERE I HAVE NEVER BEEN BEFORE.
ACCORDING TO YOUR REQUIREMENTS I WOULD LIKE TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS REGARDING TRAVEL TIME,  ACCOMMODATION  PREFERENCES AND ACTIVITIES WHICH I LIKE TO DO. ANSWERING THE FIRST QUESTION - I WOULD LIKE TO TRAVEL IN JULY. THE REASON IS I AM WORKING FOR THE TELECOMMUNICATION COMPANY AS A MARKETING SPECIALIST AND WE ARE PREPARING FOR THE BIGGEST TELECOMMUNICATION FAIR IN THE WORLD WHICH IS TAKING PLACE IN SEPTEMBER. WE WILL BE WORKING ON THIS  FOR THE WHOLE OF  AUGUST SO THE ONLY ONE VACATION MONTH I CAN GO IS JULY.
CONCERNING THE ACCOMMODATION - PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT I WOULD PREFER THE LOG CABIN AS  IN THE MEANTIME  I SHOULD WORK ON MY LAPTOP, PREPARING SOME FINANCIAL REPORTS SO    ELECTRICITY WILL BE NEEDED. I THINK THAT THE LOG CABIN WILL BE MORE COMFORTABLE  (AT*/OVER)  ALL. REGARDING TWO ACTIVITIES - I HAVE  CHOSEN  TENNIS AND PHOTOGRAPHY. I JUST STARTED TO PLAY TENNIS .  THAT IS WHY I THINK IT WOULD BE A POSSIBILITY TO PRACTISE AND CHECK MY SKILLS. PHOTOGRAPHY IS MY HOBBY.
SHOPPING IS NOT ALWAYS ENJOYABLE.
PEOPLE LIKE DOING SHOPPING ( ESPECIALLY  IN POLAND, WHERE MANY NEW AND MODERN SUPERMARKETS HAVE BEEN OPENED) LADIES PREFER TO VISIT UNDERWEAR SHOPS OR DEPARTMENTS IN HUGE  HYPERMARKETS  AND MEN ARE HAPPY WHEN THEY CAN BUY SOMETHING NEW FOR THEIR CARS,  MOTORBIKES  OR COMPUTERS. PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD LIKE GOING TO DO SHOPPING WITH FRIENDS OF  FAMILY  (IT'S EASIER TO CHOOSE THE REALLY NEEDED THINGS FOR KITCHEN OR BATHROOM, TO GET SOMETHING TASTY FOR DINNER, LUNCH OR BREAKFAST).
BUT SOME PEOPLE DON'T LIKE DOING SHOPPING AT ALL. THE REASONS ARE; DISTANCE, LACK OF CAR, CROWDED STREETS, TRAFFIC ON THE WAY TO THE SHOP. THEY CAN SAY ,,SHOPPING IS NOT ENJOYABLE'' BECAUSE THEY PREFER TO ORDER CLOTHES AND FOOD  (IN*/FROM)  CATALOGUES OR IN THE PIZZA HUT RESTAURANT SITUATED ON THE CORNER. THEY ARE TOO LAZY FOR WALKING AND LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NICE FOR  A  BIRTHDAY PRESENT OR FLOWERS FOR  GIRLFRIENDS . ON THE OTHER HAND - IT'S VERY COMFORTABLE TO  SIT  AT HOME, CALL AND WAIT FOR THE ORDER   . PEOPLE   WHO DON'T LIKE SHOPPING HAVE THEIR OWN REASONS  (OF*/FOR)  THIS  SITUATION  (MAYBE THEY HAD AN ACCIDENT WITH A RUDE  SHOP ASSISTANT , BOUGHT NOT FRESH FOOD ONE DAY AND DO NOT WANT TO DO THAT ANY MORE, HAD  A  BAD EXPERIENCE WITH OTHER PEOPLE IN SHOPS). THEY DON'T LIKE SHOPPING EITHER BECAUSE OF THE WEATHER (SOMETIMES IT'S TOO HOT OR TOO COLD FOR GOING OUTSIDE).
 ANYWAY  EVERYBODY  SHOULD  DO SHOPPING AS PEOPLE NEED TO EAT, NEED CLOTHES AND MANY OTHER IMPORTANT THINGS TO LIVE. EVEN IF THE SHOPPING IS NOT ALWAYS ENJOYABLE PEOPLE HAVE TO BUY THINGS (AND SPEND MONEY).
BUT EVERY INDIVIDUAL CAN CHOOSE THE WAY    TO DO IT. IT ABSOLUTELY DEPENDS ON     LIFESTYLE , PERSONALITY AND NEEDS.
13/06/00
Dear Helen Ryan
I am really pleased to hear from you  that  I won first prize in the competition. It is the thing I really want.
 Now  I am going to answer the questions you asked me in the letter. First, I am afraid    I can  only travel  in July. I've got  a  three-month holiday from June to August but I've already promised my aunt, who runs a small nursing home in Andover, to help her during June and in August. I have to work to get my next-term tuition fee. So July is the only month I can take part in your activities. Second, regarding  accommodation , I'd like to stay in a log cabin. I am very sensitive to noise especially at night and tend to catch a cold even in summer.
And I  would love  to learn surfing and painting. I am quite good at swimming but I never tried    surfing. So this time I am really keen on learning that. I also love painting. I expect you have lovely  countryside  in California for me to draw on my canvas.
Let me ask a question about clothes and money. What kind of clothes do I need and how much money do I have to take ? 
I am really looking forward to going there and  to  your reply.
Yours faithfully
Yun Sandra
Shopping is not always enjoyable
I love shopping. But I can't help accepting it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable.
For example,  all  shops are too busy to enjoy shopping in at weekends. Sometimes customers' trolleys run into each other and they have to wait ages to go through check-ins. What's worse, there is usually  a  traffic jam around or along roads to a big supermarket and a shopping mall. And if an accident takes place on the roads, it can be a nightmare. So I prefer shopping  (at*/on)  weekdays unless I am busy or have an appointment.
However, people can't have a good time even  (at*/on)  weekdays while shopping. Shopping gets them tired as they have to walk for a long time to find the things they want to get. In addition, they can get angry with a shop assistant because of bad service.
For the handicapped, going shopping is not easy and it can be very  annoying  unless shops have facilities for them.
Despite all these things which show that shopping is not always enjoyable, people have to go shopping. Otherwise they can have lots of  problems  and  it is  difficult to live.
13  June  2000
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have just received your letter and I am so pleased with the news. I'd like to tell you that the best month  for me  to travel to the U.S.A .  is     July  because I will be on  holiday  in  that  month. I don't really worry about the accommodation at Camp California, but if I can  tell you  which  one I prefer  I'll choose  to stay  in  a  tent. This is because  it   will be  more exciting and fun than  not  in log cabins. From the list of activities    at the Camp I will enjoy singing and swimming. I used to go to a swimming pool twice every week and also I love music and sing all the time.
I'd like to ask you about how much money I'll need for two weeks in your country and what sort of clothes I have to bring to Camp California next  July .
I am looking  forward  to  hearing   from  you very soon.
Sincerely,
Dear Kim,
How are you doing? I am so glad to know that you and your family  are     well. I am writing to you to explain what I did last month at a pop concert. It was great, believe me!
I went with a group of friends to help and organise a gig of a pop band. It was so easy . I  mean we just carried all the instruments  (from*/of)  the musicians to the Club and we put  them  on the stage. After this, we helped  (to*/at)  the  service  bar ,   putting   all the drinks and refreshments into the fridges . And that was it! I enjoyed  doing this a lot  and  at least  the gig was free for all of us. The concert was in a massive club and the tickets were sold out.  Marvellous !
Well ,  Kim, I hope to see you soon and take care.
Love
DEAR HELEN,
I AM  WRITING  TO YOU IN ORDER TO GIVE A REPLY TO THE KIND LETTER I RECEIVED FROM YOU. I CANNOT EXPRESS HOW  THANKFUL  I AM FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL PRIZE.
 FIRST  OF ALL, I WOULD LIKE TO TELL YOU THAT THE ONLY TIME I WILL BE ABLE TO TRAVEL IS IN JULY, BECAUSE BEFORE  THEN  I HAVE TO TAKE SOME EXAMS AT    UNIVERSITY.
IN YOUR LETTER YOU ASKED ME WHETHER I WOULD PREFER      A TENT OR A  LOG  CABIN. WELL, THE ANSWER IS A  LOG  CABIN, BECAUSE I HAVE A PROBLEM WITH MY BACK. THAT IS WHY I CANNOT SLEEP ON THE GROUND OR IN A SLEEPING BAG.
BY THE WAY, YOU ALSO MENTION THAT I WILL HAVE THE CHANCE TO DO TWO ACTIVITIES. WELL, THE TWO ACTIVITIES THAT I WOULD  LIKE  TO CHOOSE ARE BASKETBALL AND SINGING. I HAVE  CHOSEN  THOSE BECAUSE I AM QUITE GOOD  AT  PLAYING BASKETBALL AND I SING EVERY WEEKEND IN THE CHOIR OF THE LOCAL CHURCH AS WELL.
FINALLY, I WOULD APPRECIATE  IT  IF YOU LET ME KNOW IF I WILL HAVE TO TAKE SOME  CLOTHES  OR MONEY. I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF I WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR ANY OTHER EXTRA  ACTIVITIES .
I HOPE YOU WILL  BE  ABLE TO ANSWER ALL MY  QUERIES . I LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU.
YOURS SINCERELY,
DEAR KIM,
THANKS FOR THE KIND LETTER YOU  SENT  ME  LAST  WEEK. THE PHOTOGRAPHS ARE VERY NICE AND FUNNY. BY THE WAY ,  YOU ARE A BIT TALLER, AREN'T YOU?
WELL, THE FIRST THING I WANT TO TELL YOU IS ABOUT THE POP CONCERT WE HAD, LAST FRIDAY, HERE IN OUR CITY. BUT TO MAKE THE THING BETTER I WAS  CHOSEN  TO HELP THE BAND AND THE ORGANISERS OF THE CONCERT. GREAT!
AS YOU KNOW, I AM A SOUND  TECHNICIAN , SO I  HELPED  THEM TO  SET UP  THE SOUND  EQUIPMENT  AND THE INSTRUMENTS PROPERLY. THEN SOME HOURS BEFORE THE CONCERT, I MET THE BAND AND THEY LET ME  STAY   (IN*/FOR)  THE SOUND  CHECK .  IT  WAS  A   REALLY  SPECIAL TIME FOR ME! THE MEMBERS OF THE BAND WERE VERY NICE AND FRIENDLY  (WITH*/TO)  ME.
THEN, WHEN THE CONCERT STARTED ,  THE ORGANISERS GAVE ME AN IDENTITY CARD,  WHICH WAS  ONLY FOR MEMBERS OF THE STAFF. THAT CARD WAS THE BEST THING THAT SOMEONE HAD EVER  GIVEN  TO ME, BECAUSE I WAS  ABLE  TO BE  (IN*/ON)  THE  STAGE  WITH THE WHOLE BAND! IT WAS THE BEST TIME  (IN*/OF)  MY LIFE. I FELT REALLY LUCKY.
 SORRY IF MY EXPERIENCE WAS BORING BUT I KNOW YOU WILL ENJOY IT AS MUCH AS I DID .
I LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU. I  HAVE SENT  YOU SOME PHOTOGRAPHS OF ME WITH THE BAND.
 LOTS  OF LOVE,
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am writing to enquire about the competition that I won and give some details to you about myself and my interests.
In the first place, I prefer to travel  (on*/in)  July because my school will not be closed before this date. Secondly, a  camping  holiday  has  always attracted me so I would like to stay in a tent rather than in a log cabin.
In my spare time, I enjoy playing basketball with my friends and I also like swimming. When I was in primary school, I was one of the members  (in*/of)   the   school swimming  team. I am not really good at basketball but I think it is    good fun.  For  these reasons, I choose basketball and swimming from the list which  I   was  given.
I would like to know what types of clothes I need and beside this, how much money I need during my vacation.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
It's ages since I've heard from you. I hope you and your family are well.
Last month, I had a great time at the concert of "Dragon" ,  which is the most popular  hard rock  group  in  the world. They had a concert in my  home town  ,  that's why the  organisers  were looking for young people who  could  speak English. I applied and  they  took me on. I  worked  in the security department. The staff in that  department   were  really friendly and helpful and they  were  also huge ,  like giants.  Basically , I helped them  liaise  with the local police and  get  some  electronic   equipment  that they needed. They treated me as if I was the private secretary of the department, because of this sometimes I felt that the power was in my hands. By the way, I have already been invited  to  their next  concert . They gave me two free tickets. Would you like to come with me?
Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Love
Dear Helen Ryan
Thank you for your letter. I'd like to go on holiday for two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I can go only  (on*/in)  July because I'm a student. It's summer holiday  (during*/at)  that time. I want to know if it is  available   (during*/at)  that time.
First of all ,  I would be pleased if the accommodation  was  in  a  log cabin because I'm afraid of insects and it's wet in the tent. It'll make me like    the village.
I like painting, and once I won first prize in the university competition. I think I'll have  a  chance to draw  some  pictures, and I'll show  them to  my friends who have never been there before.  The other   activity  I would prefer is sailing. My father was a sailor when I was child. I was  dragged   into   learning  sailing. I'm good at it. It would be exciting.
 Furthermore  ,  I would like to ask you which kind  of  clothes I need to take and how much money I'll spend.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Recently we  had  a class discussion about shopping. All of the students agree    that shopping is not always enjoyable.
Women always enjoy shopping. But a lot of  inconveniences   annoy  them. So they said they do not always enjoy shopping. First of all the    parking is not  convenient  and  is  expensive. Sometimes you can't find a place to park your car. Sometimes you have to park your car in a   further   place then walk to the supermarket.
 Furthermore  ,  when you look  around  the supermarket, you can't  easily  find the goods which you want to buy. It's very confusing without  the  right  signs . Sometimes you get lost in the supermarket.
 Additionally  ,  men  never like  shopping . While  their wives are doing  the  shopping they sit in the car or read  a  newspaper. They would be happy if there  were  sports and leisure facilities in the supermarket.  Then they'd  change their mind. Instead of hating shopping they  would   enjoy  shopping.
In my opinion ,  nowadays ,  shopping is not always enjoyable.
Dear Sir or  Madam ,
I'm so glad to get the news I've won the prize. Many thanks for giving me a chance to stay at the Camp California in the U.S.A.
I think I could leave for the camp in July. Because I'm supposed to attend an English course in Weymouth, England until June and then I'm going to travel in Europe with my sister who came from my country 4 weeks ago for this trip. We are planning to spend 2 weeks travelling. So I can go to the camp in the middle of    July.
And I'd like to stay in a log cabin. I've had unpleasant  experiences   (from*/on)  my last holidays when I had to stay in a tent. In addition ,  as I haven't stayed in a cabin, I look forward to staying in a cabin.
Most of all, I'm so happy that I could choose some activities. I'd like to  practise  golf and tennis. Both of them are my  favourite  sports and I'm quite good.
I think I should ask you about something more. How's the weather there?  What  kind of clothes  do  I have to bring and how much money  will I  need? Could you tell me about them?
 I would  be grateful if you could send me further information. I'll look forward to your reply.
 Yours faithfully 
When I was asked what I do in my free time, I've never hesitated to say, "I enjoy going shopping."
I'm very extroverted. So I like spend my energy doing sports or some kinds of energetic activity. I thought going shopping was suitable for me. Especially when I visit somewhere for the first time or I have nothing to do, but lots of time, I naturally and automatically look for a decent shopping centre.
But nowadays I  find  shopping is not always enjoyable.
Since I started living in England, I've worked two part time jobs as a cleaner. I can't make enough money for my living  expenses . I have to control my expenses  on the budget . It's not easy for me, as I used to depend on my parents before I came here.
Anyway ,  I must check and even compare the prices of different supermarkets.
What makes me desperate is a nice summer dress I've found in a department store. I really wanted to buy it, but I couldn't afford to buy it.
I realised that shopping is not always enjoyable.
13 June, 2000
Dear Helen , 
I've been thrilled  ever since  I received your letter indicating my luck of having won the first prize in the competition that you organized recently. In response to the letter, I am sending mine to state the  choices  that I have made concerning the date of the trip, the place where I will be staying and the two activities that I have chosen ,  along with some questions.
Firstly, I wish to travel  (on*/in)  July as I already have plans for June ,  which  are  to visit France for 3 weeks as soon as my summer  vacation  commences.
Secondly,  regarding  the question of lodging, I have chosen tents since I enjoy camping in them very much.
Among the numerous choices of activities, I am considering taking those of golf and surfing. I have been playing golf since the age of 8, therefore I am certain that I will not require help of any sort. However, as this will be my first time    surfing, I am willing to take classes for beginners.
Lastly, I've been struggling with the question of money and clothing and would  like  to be informed about the climate there so that I will be able to pack the clothes that I need and I would be thankful if you would consider sending me an estimation of  the  amount of money I will have  to spend  in the camp.
I am looking forward  (in*/to)  being received  (in*/at)  camp California.
Thank you in advance.
Yours sincerely,
Regina Kong
13 June, 2000
Dear Kim,
Hi Kim. How are you?
I am fine and so is my family.
I was glad to receive  a  letter from you and after having heard that you are interested in helping pop singers have a concert, I started writing as soon as I could.
I  think  it's a wonderful idea and my advice is to take it if you have an offer! I had so much fun helping my friends' band  putting on  their concert.
At first, they asked me to decorate the stage since I like drawing, but as I wanted to get more involved, they said that I could also help them set up the lights, the microphones and the instruments. I have to admit that it wasn't always easy, but my effort was worth every penny.
The concert was a hit and the stage looked fabulous! The audience seemed pretty impressed as well. I thought it was a great opportunity to see how things turn out so well when you put everybody's different talents together. I'm not sure    what part you're interested in, but I think drawing the background for the stage was the best, and I suggest that you try doing it too.
If you have any questions, please write to me.
I wish you the best of luck and hope you have fun helping the singers as much as I did
Lots and lots of kisses,
Regina
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am writing to provide you with the information you require.
First of all, I want to inform you that I would like to travel only in July, because in California at that time of the year  it  is very hot and I prefer going  (on*/in)  summer to going  (on*/in)  winter or during  it  other season, because I can do lots of activities that in winter  it  would be impossible to do.
Secondly, I would rather  stay  in  a   log cabin  than  stay  in  a   tent . In my opinion staying in log cabins is  more fun  and much cleaner.
 Thirdly , I would prefer to  swim  and  play  tennis, because I have been  doing   this  since I was I child, and I think I  am  very good  (in*/at)  each  activity .
Finally, I would like to ask you if I have to take some money, or  if  everything is provided  (for*/by)  the organisers. Furthermore, I would be grateful if you could tell me what type of clothes I have to take.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Sorry for not writing  to  you before, but I have been so busy, because last  week  I went to a pop concert to help the singers.
First, when I arrived they told me to go to a big room, where the singers try on their clothes and they  have their make-up put on . There, in the room I had to  help  them, I  mean  the singers, to put on  their  clothes, and I had to  put  make-up  on  them. A few minutes later the show started and the  group  appeared on the stage. While they were singing a man told me to clean the room   where the singers get dressed. Later, when the show had finished, I stayed with the  group  in their room for a few minutes. Then, they went to the airport, and my dream finished.
What I really liked doing was  helping  them with their clothes and    make-up   , because I learnt how to  do  make-up  for   someone  and I  spent  a few minutes with the most popular  group   (of*/in)  the world.
Write  to  me soon.
Love,
Dear Sir/Madam:
Thank you for telling me that I have won the first prize and now I am writing to  give  you the information you have requested.
First of all, I think I would like to travel in July, which will be the only month  when I will be able  to go , because  my course won't finish until the end of June, and I will have to stay in the college to get ready for the new term.
Then I'd like to choose the tents for my accommodation when at Camp California. I think sleeping in a tent is  more fun  than  other  <NS type="M"></NS>.  Also , during my stay at Camp, there are two activities I can choose . For  one of them I will choose Basketball because it is the sport I play most .  I and my friend used to win the first  place  in  the   school-wide  match when we  were   (in*/at)  school. And  for  the other one, I think painting will be a good idea;  painting  is one of my hobbies and I've been  studying  it since I was 5 years old and now I'm still doing it  when  I have  some  free time.
Above  is  all the information you asked  for  . However ,  there  are  some things  I'd like to know;  the  first is about the clothes . What  kind of clothes  do  I need to take with  me ? And another question is what  are  the prices of things like    there,  which I want to know  so that I can make a better  budget   (of*/for)  my trip.
 I look  forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim:
Thanks for your last letter; I knew you would  be  interested  (at*/in)  my experience of helping  at  the pop concert  last time  . Now  I  will tell  you about it.
The place  where  we worked was a football pitch; we spent 3 days    setting up the stage, the  equipment , and the lights. In fact, there  was  nothing very important I did, because we  were  not the right people to do it. I only put the speakers in the right places, or  helped   the   engineers   test  the lights.
But  (at*/in)  the  breaks  and after work, I had a chance to talk with the  engineers , and I  learnt  something about setting up the  equipment .
The fourth day, the singers and the  musicians   were     there to  test . Then I had a chance to speak with them. From that, I learnt more about  the  instruments.
Finally, the  day  of  the   concert  came. After the  concert  finished successfully, I was happier than ever because the  success   included  my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life.
Anyway, now I have to stop to finish my homework. I'm looking forward to receiving your letter again.
Best wishes.
Dear  Mrs  Ryan,
Thank you for your letter and I am very pleased that I won the first prize in your  competition . However, I am writing to you to ask for more details.
Firstly, I would like to go to California in June if  this  is possible because I will have finished my course in Merton college at the end of June.
Secondly, I would prefer to  stay  in a tent rather than staying in a log cabin in order to have  an  experience   which I haven't had before.
I am very  keen  on swimming and playing tennis so    I have had a part-time job in a sports centre in the evenings. I also have qualifications to teach them.
In addition to all this, I would  appreciate  it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much I shall be paid for the  trip .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
To: Mrs. Sexington
From: An Soo Kim
Subject: Speaking classes and school trips
Introduction.
The aim of this report is to describe our English classes in Merton College and suggest    what we should film for making a short video.
Speaking class should be filmed.
It is suggested that speaking classes should be filmed . The  reason why is that    more students tend to attend.
Another reason is that it will be more useful for  foreign  students who want to speak English.  The  number of  foreign  students  has  recently been increasing.
School trips
It is also thought that school trips are to be filmed because  there   are  a wide range of interesting places available. It is believed     to be  one of the most popular activities in Merton College.
Conclusion
To sum up, it is  recommended  that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed.
Dear Mrs. Ryan:
Thank you very much for your letter. I am so glad to know I won the first prize.
Regarding your questions, the following are my answers.
The only time available for me to travel is July . Any time  during the month suits me. I need to insist  (in*/on)  it, because I am not able to take holidays during the rest of the year.
I  would  love to  stay  in a log cabin. They are more comfortable and  really match with  the  environment .
It is not easy to  choose  from the list of activities . All  of them look interesting. Although this is a new experience, I would prefer climbing and  photography . The first one sounds like a great adventure, while the second will allow me to capture all the unforgettable views.
In addition, I would appreciate  it  if you let me know what is the kind of clothing required for the Camp;  whether  I need some money there and for what; and finally  whether  the prize is just for me or if I can go with somebody else.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim:
Finally I'm writing to let you know about the most exciting experience in my life. Can you believe that I was helping  (in*/at)  the last Britney  Spears  Concert?
During the day I helped  prepare  her room, then she arrived, and I was there to continue helping.
She was so kind  (with*/to)  all of us . Of course  I asked her for an autograph. I hope to see you soon .  I can't wait to show it  to you .
The concert was a big success,  a  lot of  excitement . Everybody sang and danced, and I was there to see everything from the best position.
Each time   she  came  back to the room, she asked for something to drink, just a diet coke, because she's always looking after her  figure . Then she  ate  something small and she  looked  full of energy all night long.
At the end, she took the time to say  goodbye  to all of the people helping her. I really think she's the best.
But now, tell me about you. Don't be lazy and write more often.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Thank you very much. I am very  pleased  I have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I would like to travel only in July, because in June I have to study at school ,  which  doesn't finish  until the end of June.  (In*/For)  August, I have already made another appointment with my friends. We are going to visit the places of interest  (of*/in)  China . As  usual, our new term begins in September. I  can only  travel in July
 Concerning accommodation  ,  I    prefer    tents to    log cabins. Tents are very easy to  carry  and  can  go everywhere. What's more, in my opinion  they   are  very romantic.
I am good at singing and photography. I can sing most kinds of songs, such as pop music, folk. I like taking  photographs ,  in my only room . There are all kinds of photos, for example,  of the  beach, sea ,  trees and so on.
 Finally , I wonder what kind of clothes I should take and how much money I should bring with me ? 
I look forward to seeing you soon.
Yours faithfully
To: Mrs Flame
From: Kate
Subject: which lessons and other activities should be filmed
 Introduction :
The aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and  lessons   should  be filmed  (into*/for)  a short video. In order to write the report I interviewed about one hundred students who are studying in our English class.
Results:
The majority of them said it's a good idea to  do  something about Maths and English study skills. Sixty percent recommended that the activity which  called make the brain up in the morning class  should be filmed. Ten of them said  we  should  film     computing. Two thirds said we should film  a part of playing football .
Reasons:
Although Maths is very boring, it is very important    nowadays. English is the most popular language in the world . What's  more, more and more people  are starting  to learn English.  The activity of making brain up  can help us remember new words. Playing football is good for  your  health.
Conclusion:
It is recommended that  something  should be filmed about Maths, English study skills, make brain up  and    playing football.
I have just received your letter and, firstly, I would like to thank you  (about*/for)   this  good news. I will give you the information which you asked me  for  in your letter and also  I  will ask you some questions.
As I understand ,   it  is very  important  to confirm the date of  my   trip . I would rather choose July because it is  the  only    month when I have got holiday   long enough to spend it    travelling abroad.
Now about  accommodation . If it is possible I would prefer to stay in  a  tent. As I am young I would like to be a romantic person and to be closer to    nature. I think it will be the best way to understand what California means.
 To answer     your question about activities, I am going to choose tennis and swimming. I am quite good  (in*/at)  tennis, especially  playing   doubles . Also I like swimming and I've got two  years'  experience  (in*/of)  teaching swimming  (in*/at)   a   leisure  centre.
Could I ask you some questions about clothes and money ?  Should I take some clothes for  the  cold weather? The last question - could you  give  me some idea about how much money  I will  need.
 Yours  sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
As a  woman , as a mother and, finally, as an ordinary person, I  go  shopping quite often. Do I enjoy it? If I told you "yes" or "no", I'd tell you nothing.
Shopping is part of my life. Sometimes I hate it. I can't    concentrate in a shop,  and  I can't  relax   either . I am looking on the  shelves  but I'm not able to find anything from my shopping list. Everybody  is  pushing me and I think that I came  (in*/to)   the  wrong place.
On the other hand, I understand very well that it is really  necessary . I also understand that nobody will do that  (at*/in)  my place. However, everybody in my family will open their mouths and won't just ask to eat, they will ask me  for  something special and  tasty .
To be honest, sometimes I like shopping. I think it is an opportunity to meet different people (even if they are pushing you), to understand what they like and what they don't, because even some  kinds  of food  can  be in  fashion . When I am with my children I can  teach  them  to read ,  to count     only if they  don't run away from me to educate  themselves  in the huge world,  the   name of which  is "shopping".
Dear Helen Ryan,
I  received  your letter and I'm very happy because I didn't expect it, so first of all I want you  to know  that I really  fancy  going  (at*/to)  Camp California in the U.S.A .   (during*/for)  two weeks,     especially  because I've never been  (in*/to)  this country.
 On the one hand  I would like to travel in July because I'm working in a school and the lessons finish at the end of June so if I could  take  this extraordinary opportunity in July it would be better for me because in August I will have to be ready to begin preparing the exams  (of*/for)   September . If it is any problem let me know as soon as possible because I'll try to sort it out.
 On the other hand  I think I would rather not sleep in a tent because I had a bad experience once and I would like to try log cabins.  Although  it wouldn't be a problem if I  finally   had  to sleep in a tent.
Another point is that I have already  chosen  two activities  that you asked me while I am at the camp  and  they  are basketball and golf . They  are the best  activities  for me because I think I am good at both and I used to play them  before .
Finally I want to find out    if  there  is  a  supermarket near the  campsite  and if there are any facilities  (in*/for)  washing my  clothes   (into*/on)  the camp.
I look forward to  receiving  a reply from you.
Dear Kim,
Last month I had the most exciting experience in my life . As  you know ,  I was helping at the pop concert and it was amazing!
The concert was in the  university  in the middle of the field and at the  beginning  when we arrived there weren't many people, only those who had to prepare the stage and the sound  system  and of course us ,  who had the job of serving drinks during the concert.
We arrived quite  early  because we had to  work out  how we  were going  to serve people  did with which order,  so we started putting all the stuff in  the   appropriate  place.
I was very nervous because I'd never been  (in*/to)  a concert before and an hour before everything  started  the singer and the musicians were there and I couldn't  help  it and I started crying - you can imagine, they were so handsome that I couldn't  believe  it - I tried to calm down because I had to work, and later I began  to feel  more comfortable and when the concert started everything was  so  exciting that the time  went  very fast - although I was working - and it was like a dream.
Well I think I'm going to remember it all my life and I'm sure that if you had been there you would have enjoyed  it  very much.
See you soon.
Best wishes.
Dear Madam,
 First , I want to say how  happy I am  to have won this prize and I want to thank you.
Concerning the information you want ,  I will give  it .
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because this is the only month  off  given to me by my employer. I would prefer to have a log cabin because I  cannot  sleep in a tent (it is too hot and the floor is too hard for my back). Concerning the two activities I have to choose, I would prefer to swim and play tennis (I have a good level  of proficiency  in each  sport ).
Finally I would like to know how much money I have to  bring  and  what  sorts of clothes are usually  worn  in California.
Yours faithfully
Pablo Fernandez
Many classes and activities are important in our school .  But I have to make a choice in order to select  from among  them .  The  engineering class   seems  to be the  most  important lesson. It  uses  a lot of  techniques  that we learn in other classes. It gives us    knowledge   useful  for many school  clubs  ,  like the "marathon shell" club or the  robotics  club. Besides it  gives  all the areas covered by a  mechanical engineer  and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a  mechanical engineer  .  It lets us  identify  our abilities  and  the part of  mechanics  that we prefer. But there are other  very important lessons  (like English of course!) Actually, I have a regret  -   there is no  ethics   lesson  .  It would show us how  to use  our knowledge.
Dear Sir/madam,
Thank you for your letter and your congratulations. I never thought that I would win the competition. It is really wonderful. I can stay at Camp California in the U.S.A. for two weeks.
I am a student at Portsmouth College and the end of this term is 23 June, so I can only travel in July. I wonder if it is all right  to come at  that time. And  concerning  my accommodation ,  I  would  prefer  to stay  in a log cabin, because it is more comfortable. I  would  like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere  in which  I  will be living    .
I like to do some activities in water and my favourite activity is swimming. Before I came  to  England, I swam every weekend in my country ,  even in winter, so I choose to do some swimming and sailing while I am at the camp.
Actually, my mind has already gone there .  I can't wait even for a minute. I want to go there now.
By the way, I would like to know  about  the shopping ,  especially for clothes .  I want to buy some for myself. And do you think I need to exchange money before I go there?
I look forward to your letter.
Yours faithfully,
To: Mr Ted
From: Meng
Subject: About daily life at our school
Introduction
 This report is aim to research the students about their daily life at school and give some suggestion about it .
What do students do now?
Lots of  students  normally have classes in the morning. And sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the  afternoon . For instance, reading, looking for some information or using  the  computer.
What do they think about it?
The arts students want to learn another foreign language. Moreover, some foreign students hope there will be some English classes that  focus on  the examination.
Most of them want to do more activities in the afternoon.
Recommendations
 Start  some  part-time foreign language classes  for the students who  are  interested in  them .
Let foreign students do more  exercises  about English to help them pass the exam.
 Use  the equipment and  space   that  we have to organise some activities.
13th June 2000
Dear Sir,
I have just  received  your letter and I  thank  you for your invitation and congratulations. I am really proud to be the winner of your competition and I would like to express my satisfaction  (for*/with)  your perfect organisation.
About the information requested from me ,  I have to say that I can travel only  in  July because of my job; I am busy until the end of June.
As regards  accommodation , I prefer a longer, Canadian tent in a quiet place because I am fond of nature and I would like to feel free in an informal setting. My favourite  sports activities  are playing tennis and basketball. I like competitive and  challenging  sports .  I enjoy    comparing my skill with other players and, if possible,  I would rather not do indoor sports activities , but open air  ones .
I would like to know if special clothes are needed and  what  the weather is  like that time of year . The one last thing that I would like to know is if I have to bring with me money for expenses not included in your invitation. Let me know this information as soon as possible.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Ramona
13 June 2000
I have been asked to write a report about the lessons and other activities that should be filmed to make a short video.
I have given a questionnaire to other students  (of*/in)  my class to know their preferences  regarding  this  choice  and we all believe that the first lesson that should be filmed is  philosophy . The reason is that all students are interested in it and the teacher is so good  (in*/at)   explaining  problems that the whole class takes part in discussions about specific aspects of the subject. Also the  sports activities  should be filmed; they express an  aggregative  and social way of living  school life  and can be useful to  show     the  movements  of the  bodies  during the  school athletics events .
 The dancing lessons should also  be filmed,  especially   because of  the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their  movements .
I hope that these    suggestions can be accepted and appreciated.
Dear Ms Ryan,
Thank you for your letter. I was pleasantly surprised that I have won the first prize in your competition.
Firstly, I would like to answer your questions. As I am doing my  A-level  exams at the moment and they continue until the 30th of June and my further studies start in August, I can only travel in July. I would prefer to stay in a tent. It will give me  a feeling of adventure  and I have always  preferred  tents to log cabins. I enjoy basketball very much and I am quite good at it. I would like to play this game at your camp. I have never tried    climbing, but I have always  wanted  to do it one day. Would it be possible to do this activity at your camp as a beginner?
Secondly, I would like to ask you for some information. Would you be kind enough to tell me  what  kind of clothes I should bring with me? Could you possibly tell me how much money I might spend at California Camp? Would you recommend me  bringing  some equipment, like a rope, sticks, with me?
Thank you in advance for your help. I look forward to receiving your prompt reply.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Hi, how are you? I'm actually fine at the moment, but have to study a lot because of my exams in English.
You asked me to  write  about  the  experience which I  had     helping at the pop-concert. And I can say it was terrific! My job was actually to listen to Tim and do whatever he said. This included  cleaning  up the rooms which were used by the singers and  putting  some equipment on the stage. Tim was in charge of organising this concert. I had never been behind the stage before and you know the rooms, in which singers dress and  apply  make-up, are actually small. Can you imagine, I could  be  at this concert without paying anything! And I managed to speak to Ricky Martin  backstage . O.K., I actually asked him only: 'How are you?' and he gave me his  autograph . He was fantastic . You  know that he is my favourite singer. I think this was my best job as a student in Cambridge. Probably it wasn't so nice to do jobs which you were told to do, but you  saw  many stars  backstage . And you  had a chance  to speak to some pop-stars. Beside this, I earned some money  -  not a lot but enough for me.
Well I'll have to close now. Give my regards to your parents. Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
With love,
Dear Mrs Helen,
I have just received your letter and I want to thank you for all this information that you  are giving  me.
 First  of all, it would be a good thing to say that July would be the best time to travel because it is  the   hottest   month  in the year, and the weather  will  be really nice.
Secondly, I think it    would be better to stay  in  tents, so  that  we can have a nice time at Camp California and find many interesting games to play   .
However, as you asked me to choose two activities, I'm choosing swimming and climbing, because I'm very good at swimming and I would like to try    climbing. Despite  my   lack of   experience  in climbing I do want to try this type of sport.
In addition, I would like to know how much money    I have to bring with me.
I think that    is all  that  I would like to know.
I'm looking forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours sincerely,
Introduction
The aim of this report is to suggest  which  lessons and other activities should be filmed. I have  interviewed  each student from my English class.
 Firstly , the English  lessons  must be filmed as the most interesting  lessons  at our school because it will give    students an interest  in   studying  and  improving  their  knowledge . Also you can  have a good practice with English with students, who   come  from different countries.
Dear Madam
I'm very happy to have won    your competition.  I've never been   (in*/to)  the U.S.A  so  I'm very  excited  to  visit     Camp California. I can  come  only  in  July because I have to work the other months of  summer .  Regarding   accommodation  I'd prefer to sleep in  a   tent   because  I like  being  outside and  hearing  the noises of the sea.
My two  preferred   activities     are  climbing and surfing . I used to climb and I want to try  it   again  because climbing is  a good way to keep  fit. I want to do surfing too because I like snowboarding and I think surfing  make similar sensations , but I have never  tried   it .
I have one question to ask you. I have a little brother and I want to know if I could take  him  with me. He doesn't like  to stay   at home alone .
Yours faithfully
Anton Chevalier
I  propose  that we should     film  five  subjects :
 a   maths  lesson, an  English  lesson, a  swimming  lesson, the break and the staff room.
-  (At*/In)  the  maths  lesson and the English lesson we could show how the teacher  teaches     his students. We could     film  the  classroom  too.
- In the  swimming pool  we could  be  in the water and  doing a party of water-polo and then Allan could done acrobatics stands , because he  enters  competitions.
-  We could show the activities of the students during the break .  For   example  ,  students who play football or volleyball. We could  ask  some students about the school.
- Before the end we could visit the staff room. We could  find out what this room is like  and what the  teachers  do in this  mysterious  room.
 (In*/At)  the end we could  have  a comment  (of*/from)  each student  (of*/in)  our class.
Anton Chevalier
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I was very pleased to learn that I had won the first prize in your competition!
To answer your questions, I'd like to travel only  (on*/in)  July, as it is the only  time  when I can take my holidays.
I'd prefer to sleep in tents rather than log cabins: sleeping in tents seems to correspond to a "spirit of adventure" to me,  which  I particularly like;  in contrast , log cabins are more "traditional" and a less interesting experience.
I'm very interested in basketball and sailing, which are both team activities.
 When  I was a child, I was very good at basketball,  one of the best in my class even . I like playing in  a  team and deciding quickly what to do next. These  reasons  are why I'd also like  to go  sailing. Sailing means an ever renewed adventure as you cannot control the  atmospheric  conditions. Please, don't forget to tell me how much money I need.
I  thank  you very much in advance for your kind assistance.
Yours sincerely,
Shopping is not always enjoyable
The first idea about shopping is that buying something will  be  a pleasure  (to*/for)  the buyer and ,  for that reason, will be enjoyable.
But this is not always the case: at first, you see a very pretty item which you'd like to try  on . When you ask to, the  sales person   often  answers that your size is  out of stock .   Hopefully  , you try to find the same thing in another shop. You ask the  sales person  for your size. His answer is: "Everything is here, Madam!" As you understand that you won't get any help, you waste your time looking for the right size.
Finally, you find the right one but you don't have enough money.  The moment  you realise  that , you also realise that the shop is closing in five minutes.
So, you run to the bank but have to wait  (for*/in)  the queue. There is only one minute left! It's your turn and you  do  as  quickly  as possible. You run back to the shop and get your item. But now, you are very tired and need a good rest!
Dear Helen,
Thank you very much for your letter telling me about the first prize. It seems so exciting. I really look forward to taking part  (at*/in)  Camp California.
I would like to travel in July because my  examinations  will be finished on June 15th. And I have a plan to go to visit my parents in Bangkok, Thailand, in the middle of August. So, I think July is the best time to go  (for*/to)  the Camp. In addition, the weather may be nice at that  time of year . For accommodation, I would prefer tents because I  am  used to  them . Because I'm not good at  sport ,    I will choose singing and photography as my activities. When I was studying  (in*/at)     university I joined the Photo Club where I  got the knowledge  as  well as a wide variety of  know-how  in  taking  photos . As I love singing and always spend my free time  doing  Karaoke to practise, I think my singing is not too bad.
I also have a couple of things to ask you. What type of clothes and how much money do I need to  bring ? I would be  delighted  if you could  advise  me.
Yours sincerely,
"Shopping is not always enjoyable". I strongly agree with this sentence. I used to  go  shopping a lot when I was  (in*/at)     university. I was 19 years old but I  spent  over 200 pounds    some weeks just to  keep  myself  fashionable  all the time. I bought lots of new ,   fashionable  clothes, bags and shoes.  For four  years  (in*/at)     university I never had  any   savings .
Now, I hate shopping because I spent a lot when I was young ,  as mentioned . So   I  came to the conclusion that shopping is a way to waste    time and money. I found that it's not  worthwhile  when I went to the southern part of Thailand 3 years ago where I met an old man and his little grandson. They  were  very poor. The money that I spent on shopping  could   have helped  them a lot if I  had  not  spent  it  already .   His little  grandson tried to help his grandfather ,  who was 70 years ,  old by  working  as a gardener after school, though he was only 10 years old. This thing  told  me shopping  was  not enjoyable any more.
Dear  Ms  Ryan,
I am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition. It is a wonderful surprise.
I can go to    Camp California only in July, because I have school in June and I must work in my father's bookshop in August.
At the Camp I want to  stay  in a log cabin. I do not like    tents; one can find insects in them and they are not as comfortable as log cabins.
For the two activities I can choose, I would like to play tennis: I have some experience  (in*/of)  this sport, because I played tennis  (during*/for)  seven years and it is still my favourite activity. I would try to do some painting, too, but I have never painted.
I would like to know what sort of clothes I have to take (if it is going to  be  rainy or    sunny) and how much money I must have with me. Could you tell me what sort of  equipment  I will have to bring to do the activities?
Yours sincerely
Odette Douai Luna
Dear Kim,
Do you know ,  last week I  went  to a pop concert to help my uncle, who is the director of the stadium of Lugano. It was very  interesting , because I did different things. I cooked a meal for the artists, I spoke with the  Bruce Springsteen's manager  and I helped a technician to install his  equipment : the lights.
The best part of the day was after the concert, when I met the group "U2". I was very excited, because this is my favourite group: I'm always  listening   to  their songs. I took some  photographs  and I'll show them to you when you come next week
I  talked  with Santana, the best guitarist in the world, too. He's quite old, but very attractive. I would like  to play  guitar like him.
What a great day it was. The next concert is on 19th June and I will be  there .
See you soon.
Yours
Odette
Thank you for your answer. I'm happy I can join you at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I'm sorry to say that I can attend your camp only  (on*/in)  July because I just started my new job and I  have  one month of    holiday, which  is   (on*/in)  July.
You wrote to me that I can  choose  my accommodation. I would prefer  to stay  in log cabins because I have a problem with my back . It  is  the  reason that I can't lie on the ground. Beside that ,  I'm  allergic ,  and  that  causes  me  problems  when I'm close to    nature.
You wrote to me that I have a chance to do two activities, which I can  choose . I'm quite good  (in*/at)   painting  and I play tennis. I'll be very happy  if  you can give me a chance to use the camp's art studio and you'll be able to prepare some  painting  materials like oil paints ,  canvas and  brushes  for me. The size of the canvas isn't so important.
I have my own sports equipment to play tennis. I hope I'll have  a  possibility to improve my ability in it. I'm champion of my town, so I think I can find a  suitable  person who can play with me.
Could you write to me, because I don't know how much money I need and what type of weather    you have  (in*/at)  this time of the year.
 Yours   sincerely 
Dear Kim!
Last month we had the pop concert of our favourite  Polish  group "THE CULT" in Warshaw. I had the chance to help at the concert. You can't imagine how happy I was. I got money for that job and I enjoyed the work a lot. You know I'm good  (in*/at)   make-up  and I have done  scenography many times . They were pleased that I can do two of  these   jobs  ,  that's why I got the  job . I was working like crazy but I enjoyed  it  a lot. I didn't sleep two nights because I was preparing the stage where they  gave  the concert.
Could you imagine that they asked me to make the summer scenography. I heard, the atmosphere of their concerts is very hot but I didn't know they like to create this even by scenography.
Could you believe that two nights I was cutting  paper  flowers, grass, the sun and thousands of birds. I didn't have many people who  were  helping me ,  that's why I was working 48 hours without stopping.
I think the result of that action was  marvellous . Everybody was very  surprised  that you can create such amazing things, using     scissors  and  paper . I  liked   the mountains which I made a lot . From  a  distance they looked very real. I just  rulled     paper and I painted  a little white colours  on the top. In front of the stage I put the grass and a lot of flowers. The light on the stage was very bright and very warm  which  made the scenery very  pleasant .
After that I prepared the group. I  did   their   make-up  for them. I was very happy because  (on*/during)  this time I had a chance  to talk  to them and to  find out  more about them. They are very nice people . Even  Audrey who seems very stupid. She is very intelligent. I really don't know why she  behaves     so badly during her interview. I got their address so we can visit them one day.
I told them about you and they said we are very welcome any time. I told them you are full of  life  and they are  your  favourite  Polish  group. They  would  like to know you a lot. We'll speak about it when I come to see you.
I hope to see you soon.
A lot of kisses.
Dear Helen Ryan.
Thank you for your letter. I am so happy to win the prize and  realise  my dream.
I would like to travel to California this July, because I can take  a  holiday from 14th to 27th of July.
I would prefer log cabins. I have never used  one  and I think it would be more exciting than tents.
I have heard that    Camp California is famous for surfing, so I hope that I will enjoy surfing for the first time. Besides, I will take the  opportunity  to play golf. It is my only  favourite  hobby.
What about clothes and money? I don't know what the weather is like, and you are paid for travel costs, but I am wondering  whether  it  includes  two activities. Also, I have a dog. Can I go with him.
Please, let me know  the answers to   these  questions as soon as possible.
I appreciate your competition and I look forward to hearing your answer
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim
I am sorry. This letter is late, because last week I took exams, so I was very busy.
To reply  to  your  question , it was  really   a  nice experience. As you know, I like    pop music so much and  the  singer was one of my  favourite  singers. Also, in the future  I want  to be an organizer like  at  this concert, so it'll be useful    experience  (to*/for)  me.
I am writing  about  how I got the position and what I did. Firstly, I applied to a concert agency to help, because I had the experience before and I knew how to organize and what to do.
 (In*/At)  the pop concert, there were many people, so before starting the pop concert, I arranged the seats and carried some musical instruments. It was somewhat hard  (to*/for)  me. After the concert, I cleaned all the ground with other helpers and we moved the seats again.
If you have some questions, let me know. I am looking forward to hearing from you
With best wishes,
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I received your letter congratulating me on having won the first prize in your competition. I am extremely excited about the opportunity to go to your camp in the USA.
Firstly, I have to say that I am studying at University and I wonder if I could travel  (on*/in)  July because of the exams I have  (on*/in)  May.  Also  I would not be able to travel there until the end of June.
It does not matter to me whether I stay in  a  tent or  a  log cabin, but I would prefer  a  tent  so as  to be  in closer  contact with  the   wildlife  and nature.
The activities I'd like to do most are playing basketball and Climbing. The first one because I have been  playing  basketball since the age of twelve and the second one because there are not many places    to go climbing in my city.
Finally, I would  like   to ask  you if I have to take my own clothes with me or  if  you will provide me with some, and  about  the amount of money needed.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours Sincerely,
Dear Kim,
I received your letter last week in which you told me that you want to hear about my experience at the pop concert.
It was terrible! We  had  a lot of problems from the  beginning . The first one was the security.  The people  in charge of security didn't arrive when they were supposed to. If it  hadn't been  a calm and  quiet   crowd , we would have had  trouble . Another problem was the band. They didn't want to play until the  venue   was  crowded. So  the  concert started an hour and a half  late .
Everything was all right during the  band's performance , but at the end some  spectators  came up  (to*/on)  the stage and  did  some damage to the band's  instruments . The singer and the guitarist were so angry that they  left  immediately ,  leaving the public without the last part of the show.
As you can see, hardly anything went well, but the lights and the sound -  for  both  (in*/of)   which  I helped  carry  things - were appropriate for the concert.  Despite  all these things, I gained a lot of experience and I could be near one of my favourite pop stars, which was the  best  experience I've ever had.
Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Love,
Dear Mrs. Ryan:
I am writing in reply to your letter, in order to answer your  questions .
First of all, it would be suitable for me to travel in July only, because that is when I am on holiday from work.
Second, I would rather stay in a log cabin, because I tend to get very nervous in small closed places, so a tent would be  inappropriate  for me.
I would prefer golf and surfing. I haven't played golf for a long time, so it will be  pleasant  to do so. About surfing, I am an amateur at it. I have been surfing for five years and I have competed in two championships.
Finally, I would like to ask you what kind of clothes would you recommend  I   take . I have never been to California, so I have no idea about the weather there. Also, I would like to know if I will need any money there.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Kim:
Hi! I'm writing to tell you about my experience at the concert.
It was supposed to start at ten, but when the band was going on stage, the  singer  fell down on some wires that gave the power to all the instruments and all the lights! Suddenly, everything got very dark. The fans started shouting and  whistling  for the show to begin, while I just stood there trying to see what had happened. Then, a security guard started calling for help. I happened to be near him, so I went to help him. He asked me to help Bono, the  singer , get up and to get him some water. I realised he had broken a finger so I had to get a doctor to help him. There was an ambulance behind the stage, so the paramedic came right away and took care of Bono's finger.  About  an hour later, he recovered and the show began.
What I liked was that I had the chance to help my idol and to talk to him.
Bye! see you soon,
Dear Mrs    Ryan,
I'm  writing  to you to answer the letter in which, as you probably know, you congratulated me for having won first prize in your competition and tried to encourage me to travel to California and attend that  camp .
I'm going to give you all the information you need from me.
I  can only  travel  in  July, because  that  is when I stop playing basketball to rest before starting the new season. I don't mind staying wherever you want me to. However, I prefer log cabins to tents. They're more comfortable.
 Regarding  the activities ,  I would love to play basketball. I'm used to playing it, and I'm quite a good player. The other activities don't appeal  to  me much, but I'm quite good at  golf . I like surfing and playing tennis,  and sports  such as sailing and climbing. Please, don't make me sing or paint, because I'm not very keen on it.
 There are  no more questions.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I'm  writing  to you to tell you how much I enjoyed last Saturday.
It was such a beautiful night!  Unforgettable .
I had always dreamt of being near "The Cranberies", but I had never thought that the dream could  become   reality .
During the afternoon, Tim and  I  spent the hours before the  concert   lying   (on*/in)  the park next to the  sports hall  where the concert was to be held.
 At  seven o'clock on the dot we went there     to start  queueing. We bought the tickets and then we  sat  down to rest.
After a few minutes the dream happened: Kare - the  guitarist  - appeared over there. At first we both thought we were dreaming but when we realised it was true we went there and  asked  him some questions. And then we  carried  his guitar for him. It was great to help him.
Finally he said how  grateful  he was and  allowed  us to stay with them till the concert started.
That's all.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Aladdin
. I would like to travel only in July because I will  have  some  holiday  at  that  time.
. I prefer to stay in log cabins  rather  than in  tents , because log cabins  have   much esctructure , that I need to stay for a few days.
. I can play  basketball well , because I  used to   play  basketball, when I  went  to the club every Saturday.
Now I am planning to be a good photographer. I will use some photographs to put  (in*/on)   a  website   that belongs  (of*/to)   a  magazine,  which   I had projected. last year .
. How much money would  you  like to pay me for  working with children for five hours a day for two weeks ?
2 Most    students are very shy when the teachers ask them if they have  any   doubts   (in*/about)   some subjects at the classes . The students at school shoudn't be shy, because  they have  estercotipie  inside in some issues, that confuses them the means of things .
3 When you are ready to  shop ,  sometimes  you know  beforehand  what is your priority   , because  probably  you need one thing  rather  than  another . But the best thing that we do, when we  go   shopping  is spend    time having lunch at  a  snack bar, watching  movies  and  playing   computer games .
4 Hello Kim,
Last month, I  worked   as   a  roadie at  a  Rolling Stones  pop concert  .  I was  responsible   (of*/for)   the  sound   . Now, I have some experience  in   producing   live DCs  of famous  bands ,  I  would like to do it. I hope    to be  a  producer of shows, as soon as possible.
Dear Mrs Ryan
It was a  great  pleasure to  hear  from you   that I have won first prize in your competition.
I am very glad that all accommodation and travel costs are paid, but  still  I would like to know how much money    I have to take with me. I would  be glad  to travel only in July  for  family reasons.  Another  point is accommodation. I would be more than happy if you could  provide  me with  a  tent. The reasons  are the  following :   a tent promotes a  better relationship with nature, and  is a   great  opportunity to improve my health.
Also I would like to tell you which activities I would like to  choose  and why. I like swimming and photography because it will be very interesting to improve my skills at both activities.
The last thing I would like to know is  what  clothes    I have to take, even though the  weather  in July will be good.
Yours sincerely.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Almost all of us like shopping! Going in and out of the shops, buying clothes, food and presents, but    few of us     are  very happy to spend money.
Money is a very important thing  (in*/for)  shopping . If  you have money,  it  is not a problem, but if you don't? So, let's  imagine  that your credit card is not working, or some one  stole  your cash from your pocket. We will say  you're  unlucky, but no one will help you in that situation. Also it is very difficult to shop if you are  handicapped .
Staying in a  queue  or  crowd  is also  unpleasant . All  the  people are shouting, stepping on your feet and it is very likely that you won't get the product you need.
 Afterwards  you are  tired  and have no  energy  to do things.
After all  the  things that I have mentioned it is  clear     that shopping is not enjoyable.
 Dear  Madam!
I'm  really   pleased  I won your competition!
I'll give you  the   necessary  information about me.
The most suitable time for me is  July  because in August I intend to go  (in*/to)  the countryside, where I have a small farm. In September my school starts a new study year. So, because of that I can only <NS type="MV"></NS> then.
I'd like to stay in the log cabins, because I don't like wet places like  tents  after rain.
You  offer  me a lot of activities. I play basketball and tennis very well. I  want  to try surfing and climbing because I've never done it.
I've  also got  two questions. How much money  do  I need to stay at Camp California and what kind of clothes  should I  take with me?
Please let me know!
Regards!
Dear Kim!
Thank you for your letter, which arrived this morning. I'm glad you're doing well.
You'd like to know how  the Top-Pop Concert was , which I helped to organise last month. It was  absolutely  great! I was responsible  (about*/for)   the  security of one of the sectors. I gave information about correct ways to  other  places like  toilets  and medical points. I was also asked about  the  timetable of the concert and I looked for drugs,  knives  and so on in bags. Although I worked I watched the concert.  It  was  great  fun! People danced, screamed and  sang  with  the  singer. I looked very carefully at  the  organisation of the event, you know I'm  interested  in it.
OK. I'd better stop now because I'm going to go to  the  library.
I look forward to  hearing  some news from you!
Take care!
Dear Helen Ryan
I am writing to answer the questions you asked me in the last letter you sent me.
Firstly, I can only travel  (on*/in)  July because that's when I have vacations from school. Secondly, I prefer to stay in a tent. I have stayed in  a   tent  a few times and I have not had any problems. About the activities that I can do at the camp, I chose to  play  Basketball, which is my favourite sport, because I want to do some  exercise  while I am on vacation. I also chose  photography  because it is one of my hobbies. I am very good at both activities because I have  done  them all my life.
I would like to ask you a couple of things about the prize I have won. Firstly, what kind of clothes  do  I have to take to the camp, clothes for hot or cold weather?   I also wanted to know if I have to take some money to buy souvenirs and food or  will that  be paid for   , too?
Those are all my questions. I am looking forward  to  receiving your reply. Please write  to  me soon.
Yours sincerely
Eleonora Jimenez.
Dear Kim
I am writing to tell you about my experience at a pop concert last month.
As you know, I am a member of a BSB fan club, and last month we had the opportunity to help at a concert they gave in the city where I live.  First , I helped  sell  the tickets. That wasn't difficult because everybody wanted to go. The day of the concert we helped to clean the place where the concert was performed and to  get  everything in order so the concert could be a  success , which it was.
What I particularly liked about this experience was meeting my favourite pop group and  talking  with them about their  lives  as  members of  a pop group. I also enjoyed being able to work as  part of  a team with both all the members of the club and the BSB. It was one of the best experiences I have had in all my life
I am looking forward  to  hearing from you. Please write  to  me soon or call me. My new phone number is (958) 1217653
Yours
Eleonora Jimenez
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I have just received your letter and I would like to thank you  (about*/for)  the two weeks in California I  have won  in the competition. California has always been in my dreams.
I will be leaving university in a few  months'  time but  it  is in my plans to continue my  studies  at another  university  ,  trying to do a  two year master's . Having decided to take a month off between  university  and  course  ,  it would be great to have my holidays from 1st to 15th July.
I have always wanted to spend my holidays in  a  tent but my father has never given me    permission, and this would be an ideal opportunity for me to learn about camp life.
I am a good swimmer and also  good  at golf (handicap twelve) .  I took a certificate  to become a   teacher  in both of them six years ago before I went to "CROARA GOLF" in Milan where I organised  the  evening's entertainment for  the  customers.
I hope that you can let me know, before I  leave ,  how hot it  will be so that I  don't make a mistake  choosing my clothes and  approximately how much money I will spend .
I look forward to  hearing  from you. Please do not hesitate to contact me  (at*/on)  (0297) 8245123  in case you should need me .
Yours sincerely,
Bonfilia Conti
I do not agree that it is preferable to phone    the shop and give them a list of items you need instead of going to the shop and  choosing  whatever you want.
First of all, I  believe  that if someone has time to go to the  shops   has the possibility .
Dear Sirs,
I cannot express how happy I was reading your letter about the prize I won and about 2 wonderful weeks I am going to spend at Camp California in the USA.
With regard to your questions. First of all, I would be very happy if you could arrange my trip and stay at the camp for July. I will still be at school in June, and I am going to spend the whole  of  August on a training camp with my club. July is really the only available time I have.
If possible, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin. I  spent  3 weeks in a tent last year and it wasn't the best experience of my life. I would like to avoid tents if possible.
You offered me a really wide range of activities to choose from, but I would have to go for basketball and tennis. I can say it with confidence that I am quite good at basketball - I play it for my school's team and I am going to train  in  it in August as well - I don't want to  lose  touch with it. Tennis is just something new that I recently discovered and I am still  (on*/at)     beginner level. It seems like a good  opportunity  to  practise  it.
Finally, I would appreciate  it  if you could send me some information about the weather in California at this time of year. I am a little concerned about the clothes that I should take. Does it rain a lot there?
Another thing is money. How much money do you think I should take with me? Will you arrange a place where I could keep the money  safe  during my stay at the camp?
I look forward to hearing from you and I can't wait  to go  to  the  USA.
Yours sincerely,
"Shopping is not always enjoyable"
In my humble opinion, shopping is one of  the  most stressful and boring activities people do in life.
If I was asked to choose the least attractive thing that I have to do on  an  everyday basis, shopping would most definitely be placed somewhere  (on*/at)   the  top of the list. If it  were  possible I would rather have someone else doing shopping for me.
First of all, I don't like and don't enjoy spending endless hours pushing my trolley (which, by the way, has  its  own idea of where it  wants  to go) between other desperate  people's  baskets, just to find that perfect tin of beans or  some  toothpaste. Especially  as  it is so hard to find anything in a modern, huge and stuffed with lots of merchandise department  store . Secondly, if you happen to forget something, you will have to force your way back through crowds of other shoppers, and that can take up even more time. But the worst thing comes at the end. Your visit to the shop  ends  in a long queue to the checkout (where you can easily spend another 30 minutes) where they will suck out some money from your account. Where's the fun in that?
No. Most definitely ,  shopping is not an enjoyable activity and I can easily think of many   nicer ones.
Dear Mrs Ryan
I'm writing concerning your letter about my  winning   two weeks at Camp California in your competition . I'm very happy to be the winner  (from*/of)  your competition.
Because I'm working in an  accountant's  office, I'm very busy. The only month I could go  (to*/on)   holiday  is July, when we haven't got a lot to do.
Moreover,  concerning  the accommodation, I would like to be in a tent, because I want to spend my holidays  different than usually . And in my opinion, when you  sleep  in a tent, you  have more from the nature and the adventure .
I like a lot  (from*/on)  your list  (for*/of)      sports  possibilities . However  ,  I will choose swimming. I  was  a member  (in*/of)  a swimming club for about 10 years. Additionally I'm keen on taking pictures. But  so far  I  have only taken  pictures on  holiday  and  of  some family  celebrations .
Lastly, I would like to ask if I have to take a lot of money with me,  for the food for example  , and  also if the weather will be good at this time  of year .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
I would like to begin this composition by saying that    shopping is not the same for everyone . For some people it's great fun, but for some  others  it's a " necessity ".
In my opinion, shopping is like relaxing. I like to go very often, to look around and to buy some new clothes , as  long as I am not searching for something specific. When I must buy something, I usually can't find it and then    shopping  becomes  a nightmare.
On the other hand, when you go  shopping with someone else , and you both want to see and buy different things, it can also be  boring . Then it is perhaps better   when you make an appointment in one hour and everybody  does   their  shopping alone.
To sum up, I would like to say that    to have an exciting shopping  trip , you  sometimes have  to plan it or just be in the right mood.
Dear Miss Helen Ryan,
Thank you for informing me that I have won the first prize in your competition. I am writing to give you some of my information and I would like to have some further information on the camp in California.
Firstly, I would like to start my  trip   (on*/in)  the second week of July because I will have a  3-week  holiday in July. I could not travel in June and May because I will have my standard grade exam during these two months.
As for the accommodation ,  I would like to stay in a log cabin because I hate sleeping in    tents. I stayed in a tent once when I had my Duke of Edinburgh walk. I felt really uncomfortable in the tent. Secondly, I would like to have a chance to do singing and swimming while I am  at  the Camp. I am keen on singing and I have won  several  singing competitions at school. I have chosen swimming because it is my favourite sport. I enjoy doing it very much. I note that all accommodation and travel costs are paid   , but does it include my expenses in California? Lastly, I would like to know what the weather in California  is   like  and  what  type of clothes I have to bring.
Would it be possible for you to send me a map of  California  so I know where the  campsite  is situated? I would be grateful if you could send me some information. I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Annabel Koh
Dear Kim,
Hi! How are you? How are you getting on with your school work? Do you enjoy your  school life ? As you know ,  I had a wonderful experience    last month so I am writing to tell you  about it .
I was chosen to help at a pop concert by chance    last month. At that time, I was so nervous because I did not know what to do. However, I was excited to meet lots of people and the pop star, Kelly Chen. When I first  entered  the concert hall, I was given a pass for working here. There were five other students, like me, who were waiting to help. We were sitting at the back of the concert hall and chatting with each other. I found that they were all Kelly's fans. We were told that we were responsible for decorating the hall. There were lots of decorations and I had to put the decorations  (to*/in)  the right place. It was    tiring work because I had to run from place to place     to hang  the decorations. After I had finished my work, I saw Kelly Chen walking into the concert hall. She smiled at me and said thank you to me. I was very happy at that time and I thought it was the happiest moment that I ever had. At last, the concert  started . There were many people at the show and I was sitting  (on*/in)  a good seat to watch the concert.
I had a really good time  (in*/with)  this experience because I could meet my favourite singer. Could you tell me what your happiest moment is?
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours   sincerely 
Dear Helen,
I am writing to answer your letter, which I  received  yesterday. First of all, I would like to thank you for accepting me and I am very   appreciative   that all  expenses  are paid   . I  can  travel only in July because my  exams  will be finished  (in*/at)  the beginning of that month and it would be great if I could set off  on  my journey on 15th July.
I would prefer to stay in log cabins because the weather is going to be rainy ,  according to the forecast. Therefore, I have chosen golf and tennis from the list. I have been playing them for more than 3 years ,   (in*/during)  which I have been trained, 3 years for tennis, 1 year for golf ,  by    professional coaches.  I  enjoy playing both of them regularly.
In addition, it would be nice if you could send me  the  address  at  which I am going to stay, so that I can keep in touch with my friends and family. Finally, thank you again for everything and I am looking forward to accompanying you soon.
Yours Sincerely,
"Shopping is not always enjoyable". I think this statement is true. In my opinion, shopping is not suitable for children whose  ages   are  under 18! This is quite a strong opinion , but I  know  it from my real-life experiences of shopping.
When I was 15, I was starting to look for new clothes, shoes, and everything I  would  find now  unnecessary .
 I would  not dare to  calculate  how much I have spent  (for*/on)  those things without thinking. However, it was not bad . My   mum  always told me that I hadn't    earned enough money so    I shouldn't have spent it in the wrong way.
Therefore, people who  are  over 18 can think of more reasons than young children  can  for shopping and buying such tempting objects. To sum up, shopping is not a  bad  thing to do as long as you can earn money yourself and know  why  you are spending it   !
Dear Ms. Ryan
I  received  your letter recently, and I am really happy  to learn  that I  have won  the first prize. So, I am writing to you to answer your questions.
First of all, I have to tell you that my only chance  to go there is  in July ;   the dates do not matter , but it is important for me to be back before the 1st of August, because that day I will start a summer job.
About  the   accommodation  during those two weeks, I would rather  stay  in a log cabin, as it is really difficult for me to  stay  in a little     close  room.
Your next question is about the activities that I could do at the camp . After   browsing  through the list, I would like to take part in climbing and  photographic  activities, as these are my favourite hobbies.
I had  an  induction climbing course two years ago, and I still     climb   regularly  .  I can do a V+ level climb. On the other hand I  took  a photography course five years ago, and I took part in several competitions.
Finally, could you tell me how far is the nearest town or village? Can we get there by public transport?
Looking forward  (for*/to)  your answer.
Yours sincerely
Shopping, what an exciting thing!
Going out to spend a day shopping is something very popular . The  shopping  centres  are always busy,  with  people going up and down carrying bags and looking  (at*/in)   shop windows  ;   it  seems  everybody  is happy.
Really? Sometimes things can  go  wrong and the  situation  changes and becomes a nightmare. Firstly  there  is the parking problem . If  you go    shopping late at weekends for instance, it's really difficult to find a place to park your car, and when you get  a  place,  you have   to pay  for it! Then the search for a nice  item of clothing  starts, and when eventually you get it, it isn't your size,  and  also the colour that you like is not available. Finally you've found    something really wonderful  -  time to pay!
 (With*/In)  the  hurry  you've forgotten to bring any cash, but you can use  your  plastic money . The  shop assistant  passes  the credit card through the machine, after  a  few seconds  he does it  again, and  does it  another time    . Suddenly  his face changes and  he   tells  you that the card is  faulty ! No choice :  you have to leave your nice clothes and go away feeling bad and sad.
To sum up, shopping is not always enjoyable, but don't worry, the  shopping   centre   is  still there waiting for you!
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing with reference to your letter, which I have just received. I am very happy to hear that I have won the first prize in your competition.
I am really excited to travel  (at*/to)  Camp California in the USA because I like to  get to know  people  (of*/from)  other countries.
As I only have holidays  (on*/in)  July I would like to travel  (on*/in)  this month.
I would prefer to  stay     in  a   log cabin  because I like to be comfortable and I don't like to  lie  down on the floor inside a tent.
I would like to play basketball because I love this game. I used to play when I was at high school. I think that I am a very competitive player, as well  as  a  good  technical player. Also I would like to do swimming. I think that I am  a  very fast  swimmer  but I don't have good style  or   technique .
I would be grateful if you could send me more information about what clothes and money I must take.
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely,
RAEL MEDINAH
Dear Kim,
I have been helping to organise a pop concert in Dublin. As you know I love  Irish  music so I was very happy when the organisers of the concert  phoned  me to help them.
The organisers paid for my  accommodation  and  flight  to Ireland.
I arrived  (at*/in)  Ireland on  2nd  July. On my first day I didn't work. On the next day I helped them to  build  the  scenery  and I had enough time to visit a museum in Dublin in the evening. On my third day I helped them to install the sound system. While we were installing the sound system we listened  to   Irish  music and suddenly we saw    U2, which is my favourite group, going inside the stadium and they played music for us.
I could speak to my favourite singer 'Bono' .  I could meet him and I helped him to repair his guitar because it didn't sound very  good .
 For the remaining  days I wasn't doing anything  special ,  I just  helped to organise the rehearsals of the  different   groups  who were going to play in the concert.
Best wishes,
Dear Helen Ryan,
First of all I would like to  thank   you  for your generous award. I  have been dreaming  of a holiday for such a long time. Now I have the  opportunity  so I shall inform you fully.
I would like to travel in July because   I will be working for the rest of the summer. I would like to stay in a log cabin, since I can't sleep in tiny, narrow areas. I have been sailing in the Mediterennean for eight years and I have been playing tennis for four years so I would like to choose sailing and tennis  as  activities.
I would like to ask you  about  the sort of    clothes I am supposed bring. I know that I will need sports equipment such as   tennis shoes, a few  sports  shirts and shorts. Also deck shoes and a waterproof jacket for sailing   but besides that ,  will I need  anything  else?
What's my  fund limit ? I would really appreciate  it  if you could write    back.
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Kim,
I received your letter. I do not want to keep you curious any longer. The  opportunity  of being able to help in the concert knocked on my door by chance. I heard they were looking for volunteers to help at the pop concert. I,  of course  ,  jumped  (into*/at)  it. The idea of meeting a  pop singer known worldwide    just made my heart punch my ribcage. The concert    was  already  filled up with thousands  of    , although it was really early. We, the volunteers ,  first unravelled the cables,  and  set  up  the microphones and some instruments. Then we   were told go        backstage  and make sure everything was perfect. After a fantastic concert ,  I actually had the chance to meet Britney Spears. She is a very nice person .  I managed to  scavenge  an  autograph  for you as well ,  I will put it in the envelope.
Waiting to hear from you , 
Take  care !
Melina
Dear Ms. Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter regarding my prize that I won in your competition. It was a very pleasant surprise to win a trip to California and I very much appreciate it.
I am writing this as a reply  (for*/to)   your  request to provide you with some information about my  preferences .
 First of all   I'd  prefer to travel in July, because it is the only month I have free. I'll have to  sit  several exams in June . In  August my family  are going  to visit our relatives in Austria.
I am not so keen about  the   accommodation  but would rather stay in tents than cabins. It is much more fun and you can really enjoy nature and  the  company of your friends.
It is great I can do something I really like at the Camp. I  really enjoy  swimming. We live near the  seashore  and swimming is the  sports   activity  I am really good  (in*/at) .  I am by far  the best swimmer in my school. The other subject is photography. I like taking pictures and want to share my interest with    others. I am not a photographer but my family think that my photos are more  than  just good.
Finally I want to ask you some questions. What will be  best  to take with me, what  will I  need at Camp? How much money should I take ? Will   there  be any guided tours? And how many will be  (in*/at)   the  Camp in July?
Hope to hear from you soon.
Yours  sincerely 
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
My best friend is crazy about shopping. She  prefers  shopping to everything else. She thinks that it is the most pleasant  way   of spending  time, when you  go  from one shop to another, watching other people, looking at beautiful clothes, getting some fashionable ideas.  Sometimes  I feel very sorry for her. It seems that going shopping is a  reason for living . And  there're  so many people like her. Lots of families  plan  a day out to go to a shopping  centre , and it is a normal routine for them - to  spend     all day just shopping. Not so many people  think  about going fishing or playing    games with their families any more. They  have forgotten  how beautiful  the countryside can be , and  you can only meet tourists  in the castles or museums.
People are normally angry after shopping - because it is so easy to get  tired . People  do not smile   (to*/at)  each other,  do not talk  to each other at the shops. They look like     robots  who have to do their  duty  - to buy.
In my opinion shopping is just  something  to cover our basic needs. Shops are  not for spending our  lives  in them . Try to give up shopping one day and try to spend your day with friends ,  going to  do  something together. It feels much    better. You'll have happy memories and  be in  a good mood.
June 13, 2000
Competition. Organiser
Helen Ryan
Dear Madam:
I would like to travel to Camp California only in July because during June I am very busy with my  exams . I will  take   the  F.C.E  (in*/at)   the  University of Cambridge and other  exams  in several subjects  (in*/at)  my high school.
I prefer  to stay  in tents because it reminds me  of  my first school. It was great.  By the way , I do not like to  be  alone. I would like to have lots of people near me.
Among those activities  from which  you told me that I have to choose I prefer singing and painting. I have just attended classes  (about*/in)  them. My father was a great singer and he has been helping me. Painting is  a  challenge because it is very hard for me. But I love to paint and I intend to know everything about it.
I want to know what kind of clothes I have to wear there and how much money I will spend. I want to know if I can take my  cellular  phone, too.
Sincerely
MARGARET BORNETE GOODS
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Women love shopping. I am a woman  so  I love it a lot.  Every   weekend  I and my boyfriend go to  the  B.H Shopping Center. I live in Site Belo and he lives near  the  B.H. Shopping Center. I retired four years ago and my  life  is very  boring . When I am very sad I like to buy something and sometimes it makes me happy. I bought a lot of shoes, clothes and books last week. He was with me and suddenly he became very angry. He told me that I was very stupid. I tried to buy a handsome suit for him but he shouted and abandoned me with my bags. I took a cab and went to my house. I cried  a lot  because my life is really very stupid. I decided to stop buying those things that I don't really need. I intend to continue studying and return to work because when our life is empty everything looks ugly and sad. I know  deep in my heart  sometimes shopping is not    enjoyable. But I am a woman. We are different. We need different things  to  men. Yesterday he called me and told me that he loves me, anyway. I believe him because he is a great man. I hope that he forgets  about  my shopping. And I decided I will go shopping alone. At last I am really a great woman and I love myself.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I have just received your letter informing me that I won a two week holiday at Camp California, so I am writing to you to  tell   you  my preferences for the travel and the  accommodation .
I have no particular needs but one: it will be necessary for me to travel in July because my work will keep me very busy in all  the  other months.
About the  accommodation , I have no problems, but I would prefer staying in  a  tent, so that the holiday may be more adventurous.
During the holiday, I would like  to play  tennis and golf. I can play tennis quite well, but I have never played golf, so, if it is possible, I would like  to take  lessons with a teacher.
I would like to know also what I will have to pay  for  with my money and how the  weather  is at Camp California, because I have to decide which clothes to bring. I look forward to your  reply .
Yours sincerely,
Clara Mancini
People often have very different opinions about shopping. Most women and girls like it, especially when they want to buy clothes and shoes. A man  is usually  less interested in shopping, maybe because he frequently has to pay  for  what his wife has bought.
In my opinion, shopping can be interesting in big stores, where you can find everything, or in shops which sell something special or strange.  On the other hand , I don't like going to shops where you see only common things, and I hate it when  it  is     crowded . In this case, you have to stay in long queues, you can't walk without being pulled or pushed, and you often have to spend  an  hour  buying  some soap or a packet of biscuits. Even if you are with a friend, you can't talk, because of the noise and the confusion, and you may find it difficult also to walk close to each other.
The  best  thing to do to  avoid  queues and  crowds  is not to go shopping on Saturdays, but it is not always possible.
Dear Sir.
Thank you very much for informing me  that  I've won the prize. To let you arrange the details of your  programme , I'm going to  give you my answers .
Firstly, I'd like to travel in July because I've already  registered   on  another summer course which starts  (in*/at)  the end of July. Sorry about that but I can make that  trip  only in July.
About  accommodation , I prefer    tents to log cabins.  This is because  I haven't used tents for ages so this time, I want to have tents for 2 weeks which will remind me of my childhood with my family.
I'm very keen on photography, especially while I'm staying in  the   States . I might have lots of chances to take photos of beautiful  countryside  , so  I'm longing to take part in that activity, photography. Actually I've been in  an   amateur  photographer's organization for 3 years. And I'd like to choose swimming as the other one. I learned swimming at  the  age of 8 for 5 years and I still love swimming. At that time, I took the course which covered all the 4 kinds of  strokes .
Finally, could you let me know  what  the weather is like in July in  the  States? Then I can  pack      suitable clothes  for that weather. And please tell me how much money I am supposed to need excluding transport and  accommodation .
Thanks loads
Yours sincerely
Kyon Chwa
All the students in my class are excited about that work and now we're in the process of discussion about what will be filmed. Some students suggested very brilliant ideas.
We've been thinking about the plot, at first, and we decided it would be the best way, the flow of time. The lessons we have in the morning doesn't attract us very much, but this bit will show you  the  routine  scenario  of a lesson. Spoken English lessons which  are  in the afternoon are quite interesting.  All   the  students keep talking about  the  theme and  giving  their opinions. So we're going to organize about 10 minutes' short debate just for this video, but we haven't decided when it will be and the subject.
After the class is also  a  very essential part of school life , because  we go to the pub which is situated near to the school quite often and we talk more about personal stories that make us closer . The  pub after the lessons will be interesting.
If you don't mind, we want to film  the  teachers' room as well. Your preperation for lessons, everyday chats and so on. If you allow us to film those things, we'll be very happy.
When things become more obvious and more things are decided, I'll report again.
Dear Helen Ryan,
Thanks for your letter .  I am so glad that I have won first prize in your competition. And thanks again for  offering  me two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
As you asked, I think I'd like to travel only in July, because I am quite busy with my job. July is the only free time that I have. And I prefer tents to log cabins, as I know tents better than log cabins. I used to sleep in  a  tent once on my holiday, and  a  tent is more suitable for camping.
It is very kind  (for*/of)  you to give me the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp. I'd like to  do  climbing and sailing. Actually I am quite good at climbing. I often go climbing in my town.  As for  sailing, well, I haven't  tried  it before . That  is why I want to have a  go . I think it must be fun.
As you said, all accommodation and travel costs are paid   , but I am sure I still need  to take  some money with me. How much do you think that I will need ?  By the way ,  what kinds of clothes do you think I have to  take  with me? And is there anything  else  I have to  take  with me?
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
I think most people will agree  that  "shopping is not always enjoyable" , because  so far as I know nothing is enjoyable all the time.
Some people might say women just love shopping, they couldn't stop thinking about  going  shopping. Yes, it is true . This  is only because nowadays people have more money than  ever  before, and some women don't earn money . They  have no idea how  difficult   it is  to earn    money. Women just love spending money in shops. Just imagine if one day their husbands lost their jobs . Will  those women still  think  shopping is enjoyable! So it     depends  on  the  case.
 As for  me, I don't think shopping is enjoyable at all. I even hate shopping. I  never  go  shopping  unless I really need something. Shopping is just like a nightmare to me .  I think I will never understand why people love shopping. How can you  look   at  the same goods at the same shop all the time. I think most men have the same opinion as I do.
Some women spend their whole life    shopping, and most of  the   time , they don't buy many things. In my eyes they are wasting their  lives , they are hopeless.
Those are only my opinions . You  don't need to agree with  them , but one day you might  find  out that what I have said is not totally wrong.
13.06.2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Your letter which says I won first prize in your competition has just    arrived. I  would love  to come  to  the camp  in  California. Thank you very much for making my dreams real. I always  wanted  to go and  see   the  USA!
I would like to answer your questions about this trip.  First of all , I'm living in Leeds and also studying English  (in*/at)  a college.  Therefore , I need to wait until my college's lessons  have finished . If    possible    I would prefer to come in July. Before  now , I  have usually stayed  in log cabins,  but  I  have never had   the  chance     to stay  in a tent.  In my opinion ,  staying  in    tents is  more  exciting than  staying  in    log cabins. That's why   I would love  to live in a tent for 2 weeks !
 In addition , I've just learnt from your letter that I can  do  some  sporting  activities during the camp. I'm very happy about this because    I spent most of my  school  life  playing     sports,  especially     basketball. But, after  starting  to work, I  haven't had  any  opportunity      to play  basketball. Now, you  are giving   me   an  opportunity. As    my second  activity , I would like to choose photography, because my education     included  photography .  I love  taking     photographs  (about*/of)  nature.
Meanwhile, I'd like to ask  you some questions . When  I come , what  kind  of clothes  would   I  be able to wear    there? And also,     how much money do you think    I'll need    for two weeks ?  I'm looking forward  (for*/to)  your answers.
Thank you very much.
 Yours  sincerely.
Elif
Dear Kim,
Hello! I hope you're fine because     these days I'm very happy. I would like to write about a pop concert which I went  to  last week. It was  a  very good experience for me because  it was  a  very different kind of pop music. They mixed up    our  traditional   music  and pop music.
I also helped them before the concert started. I learnt how to  get  ready for a big concert! Lots of people came  to  this area, and I also learnt how to arrange something. Then I was very tired but I enjoyed    the music very much. I hope next time, if you come  here , we can go together,  and   maybe  you can help me!
I would like to  hear     about  what's happening in your life, as well. Take care...
 Love 
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I have won the first prize! I am  extremely  happy about this. I am writing because of  some  information that you need.
I  can  only     take   a  holiday in July because I am going to start a new  education  at the  beginning  of August.
Of course I would like to stay in a tent. When I was a child we  often camped .  Staying  in a tent will remind  me  of  an   unforgettable  time.
There are a lot of interesting activities and  that  makes  it  hard to choose only two. Given the circumstances ,  I would like to learn more about  photography  and  painting . I have  some  skills in  landscape drawing  but I have no idea about photography. Taking  pictures  is a new experience for me.
I have never been  to  California. How is the weather there in July? What kind of clothes would you recommend taking with me? Is it possible to pay by credit card or should I     take   travellers'   cheques ?
I am glad to hear from you.
Yours  sincerely 
Artemis
Hi Kim,
How are you doing? I couldn't write  to  you because I was very busy.
Last month I enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my town. I applied for a job at the ticket office because I  hoped  to see a lot of  different  people. You know everybody has to cross this spot!
Given the circumstances ,  they asked  me      to help  in the kitchen. You can imagine how disappointed I was. But it turned out  to be  a  fun  and interesting job. I had to prepare the  ingredients  for every meal.  That   meant  I had to read the  recipes  very carefully. And I had to  check  that nothing  was  missed. The best thing was that I  got  a lot of new cooking ideas and I could observe new cooking tricks.    I had a lot to do and I was never bored. The people were all really funny and we were a good team. The time  went  quickly    and it was a great experience.
And what about you? I am interested to hear about your new dog? Warm  wishes 
Your friend,
Artemis
June, the 13th 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
You can guess how  enjoyable a surprise  receiving your letter was for me. I am glad to send you the  information  required.
First of all, I must  state  that I can only leave during the month of July owing to  a  job I  got  for August. After considering your  accommodation  offers, I'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible. I hope you have no doubt about my taste for camping, however ,  I admit I will appreciate a bit of comfort  two weeks long .
Moreover, I must  admit  that the activities offered are really attractive so it's hard to make up my mind. On the one hand, I own a camera that I often use during  my  leisure  time . Even if the  photographs   taken  are modest work, I am really interested in this activity. Then, as low  as  my level of  proficiency   at  basketball is, I have enjoyed playing this sport for fun for a long time. So it will be pleasant for me to  do  this activity.
Your letter indicates that the  prize   covers     some costs   . Nevertheless I would like you to  detail  what I  eventually  need for this  trip .
Yours  sincerely 
What  is obvious  about our daily life at school is that it is hard to sum up all the different aspects it includes. Therefore, the film will manage to be a success if it doesn't forget the main  things  that make our life.
To my mind, the class attending a lesson must be shown    first. It  addresses  the reason  (of*/for)  our presence here and it is a  cliché ;  that  cannot  lack . A philosophy lesson seems quite appropriate in that the pupils take part in it.
Next, students during the  break  in the yard should be filmed. It would not only emphasize the sharp contrast  (with*/between)   this   and  the classroom  atmosphere  but also show how they are as young people. Students chatting, laughing, eating and even smoking must remain in the video.
Furthermore two moments could have a role. First of all, the  arrival  of every  student ,  namely the picture of the school without anybody at first, and then with the crowd of students increasing gradually is typical of its life . Then, the opposite situation, that is to say the  portrayal  of this crowd disappearing at the end of the day can  provide  a  comparison .
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing in reply to your letter in  which  you told me I won the first prize. It is the first time I won a prize!
As you asked me some questions, here are the answers. It would be very convenient if I could travel in July, because by that time I'll be on my school holidays. If you agree I would like to have a tent  for my  accommodation, because I have never stayed in one and I wonder  if it  might be a great feeling and  if in  this way I will be in  closer  contact with the animals that live in the area.
It would be very pleasant if I could join your basketball team, since I used to play    in my school's team and I think I'm pretty good at it. Surfing would be another good option because I have never stepped on a surfboard and I think this is a beautiful sport.
I'd like to know about the kind of clothes I should take, if it's cold or hot  at that  time of the year and if I should bring any money.
I have  butterflies in my stomach  and  I am  looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully,
Carlitos Andrade
Shopping is not always enjoyable. Some people usually spend more money than they have and end up  broke , with a lot of bills to pay. However, if you don't have those spending sprees very often, shopping can be a pleasant experience and a chance to spend some quality time with your family.
Have you ever spent more money than you  should   (in*/during)  a visit to the shopping center? If you answered no, congratulations. But if you took a deep breath after reading the question, don't worry.  It's  normal to have spending sprees. Everyone  has  had or will have one while shopping. But don't be afraid.
Going to the shopping centre with  your  family can be a good experience. It's a moment in  which  you can talk to your relatives and use this conversation to  get to know  more about yourselves. If you are a good observer, it's a great chance to  get to know  what your son or daughter would like to have for  their  birthday or for any other special  occasion .
In conclusion, if you go shopping reasonably, have a good time. On the other hand, if you think that you'll  get   in the red ,  you'd  better stay at home.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to ask for some queries about your letter which I have received.
Firstly, I would like to travel  to  Camp California on Monday, 6th July, because my school's holiday will begin at the end of June. Otherwise I will not be able to join that camp.
Secondly, could you make an arrangement for me to stay in a log cabin, because it seems that living in log cabins is more exciting than in tents. Also I would prefer to go swimming and surfing, because I used to be an assistant in a Korean national pool ,  so    I am good at swimming. However, I have never tried    surfing. That is why I would like to do that.
Finally, could you tell me if I have to bring some clothes, towels and extra money? I would  appreciate  it if you  supplied  some  towels , if possible.
Thanks for your attention.
I really look forward to receiving your reply soon.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
It seems ages since I wrote to you. How have you been? How's your new flat? When I received your letter with photographs of that flat, it really looked nice. Anyway, I'll tell you about my wonderful experience which I enjoyed at a pop concert.
It took place in  the  Korea national center which  is  the biggest building in Korea. There were a lot of people, I guess over 50,000, who wanted to see famous singers and listen to their songs.
I helped to guide  foreigners  who would like to     participate  in that. You know, I have studied English for two years in England. That's why I could attend    that concert as a volunteer, because they needed people who could speak English very well.
What I really enjoyed was meeting famous World singers such as Madona, Bon Jovi, Ena and so on. I got Madona's  autograph ! Can you believe it? I'll show you that and some pictures.
I really hope to see you soon.
Best wishes,
Dear Helen,
I was very glad to receive this great  news . I am very excited about it. I entered    this competition because I have always wanted to do  this  kind of  thing .
In your letter you asked me when I would  prefer   to travel  .  I will be able  to travel  only  (on*/in)  July because I have to work and I can take some days off  (on*/in)   that  month.
If it is  not a  problem I would rather stay in a  log  cabin because I do not like  sleeping on the floor much , but if you  cannot  put me there I will be fine anywhere.
About the  activities  I have to choose I would like to tell you something. I am very good at tennis and photography but I would prefer to  do  new ones, if it is possible. I am keen on water and  danger  sports so I would choose climbing and surfing .  I think it would be great if I  learnt  them while I am there.
Finally, I would like to ask you if there is any place where I can buy some souvenirs,  if there is I will  take some money with me ,  and I would be very grateful if you could send me a list of clothes.
Thank you for everything. I am looking forward to travelling.
Yours sincerely
Every woman in the world likes the word shopping. It is  as  if they lose their  conscience  while they are shopping.
You can  go  shopping alone, with friends or with your kids, but the best thing  (of*/about)  it is that you feel that you have  all the power  while you are buying things.  Maybe  it is not for you,  maybe   you are shopping for  a present, but buying things ,  at least for me ,     is the best.
But all this power and all this excitement could turn into something that you could start to hate.
When you go shopping and there are a lot of people in the same place, all trying to find the best prices and not  caring  about anybody, this could  drive anyone crazy .
The long queues,  crowded  places,  high  prices, sales, all these things  combined  could make shopping an enjoyable thing for people who like doing it.
But my  advice  for people   who like it so much that  they   cannot  help doing it   is to try shopping in the afternoon . At  this  time  no-one  goes  shopping and if there are some shops that are closed you can always go to a shopping mall.
Dear Ms Helen Ryan
I am writing this letter as an answer to your request for some further information from me.
I would like to travel in July, because I have recently got a new job, which I am going to start in August. Therefore, July is my last free month until much later. I would prefer to stay in a tent during the camp, as I find tents a lot more exciting than log cabins. I am a very good swimmer, so I choose swimming from the activities you listed. I am also very keen on climbing, although I am not extremely good at it. I would also like to ask how much money I am supposed to take with me and I would be glad if you could give me an answer before the camp begins.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Bibiana Krol
Most people enjoy shopping. But not me. I think shopping is hard, exhausting work, especially when you are trying to buy yourself some new clothes.
The most annoying thing about shopping is that in most cases you have to search for a particular  thing  for a long time and visit several shops before you find something that suits you. Eventually, after long  searching  you find a skirt you like. But it doesn't fit. You get really angry trying to find a bigger one but unfortunately this is the last one. And finally, after a few more hours, you buy the skirt of your dreams. And suddenly you notice the identical but cheaper one in the next shop.  An accident  like that can really make you livid. At last you come back home, carrying the most beautiful skirt in the whole town. You phone your friend to visit you and your friend  comes , wearing  a  skirt not unlike the one you have just bought.
But that's    life. You can always go and buy a new one.
Dear Ryan,
I have received your letter and I  am  so happy because I have won the holiday in California. It will be a pleasure for me  to give  you the information that you need.
First of all I would like to travel in July because I am going to Ibiza with my parents in June and in August I start to work part-time, so I am afraid  that  I can go only in July.
With reference to the accommodation ,  I would prefer  a   log cabin  to  a   tent . I think    log cabins are more comfortable and I have never slept in a  tent .
I am very good at playing basketball. When I was a child I used to play daily with my classmates and now I  play  at least  every  weekend. I have taken a Photography course and I enjoy taking photos  (to*/of)  animals.
I would like to know   how much  money  I need and what type of clothes I should take? Could you tell me about the weather, please?
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I hope you are very well. I am writing about my exciting experience at a pop concert.
First of all ,  I was too busy but it  did  not matter because I enjoyed  this experience a lot . I was doing different activities ,  from  designing   fliers  to selling tickets.
I had to search    the  Internet   for  pictures that could be used for the flier. We booked the accommodation for the group. I was responsible for checking the light and sound. In addition I checked the e-mail  daily  and answered the phone. As you know ,  I sold tickets in some schools and pubs, too.
Anyway, it has been one of the most wonderful  experiences   (in*/of)  my life, but the  day of the concert  was really amazing. I think this was the best of all. I feel really happy that I participated in this event.
If you have the opportunity of  getting involved  in something like this    do not hesitate.
Yours sincerely
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I am writing this letter   concerning the information you have asked me to give you.
First of all, I would like to thank you   for giving me the chance to visit Camp California.
As far as I am concerned, my exams at school will have finished  by  the middle of June. To be honest, I would like to spend  a few  days with my family, before I go to California. Therefore, it would be better to go there in July. July should be the  hottest  month! The best season for holidays.
 Regarding  the  accommodation , I would be pleased to stay in a tent, because this reminds me  of   my  holidays with my family.
 Concerning  the table  (with*/of)     activities, I  choose  singing and swimming because I am a very good swimmer and  have been a  very  keen  singer from  a  very young  age . I joined my choir   when I was eight years old and I have sung solo in two concerts.
I would be grateful  if you would   tell  me how much money I will need with me.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
Dear Kim,
I am really impressed  (from*/with)  your interest  (about*/in)  my experience  (from*/at)  the concert. I thought that you didn't like pop music and  things have to deal with that .
Anyway,  I enjoyed  it very much! It was the best experience I've ever had in my whole life. I was trying to be with the singers all the time. It was fantastic. I wanted to touch them, as the only way to convince myself that I was with them.
I didn't really have to do anything special. I  just had to take  care of them, serving some drinks and food during the  rehearsals .
That's the advantage of being a volunteer. You  have  good experiences which you'll never forget!
You have to try  it  once in your life and if you don't like  it , don't do it again.
Regards,
Dear Ms Ryan
I am writing in reply to your letter  (on*/of)  the 15th  of  May. I would like to provide some further information you are asking me for.
First, I am  only able to come  in July, because my examination session is due from the 24 June till 26 June.
I would prefer to be  accommodated  in a log cabin as  I  do not like sleeping on  a   mattress  and I get  an  allergy to rubber.
From the listed activities I would like to choose singing, because it is my hobby and I also sing in  a  local  choir . Photography is my second favourite subject. I won third prize in  a  competition organized by our college.
Could you,  please  send me some extra information regarding the  amount  of money I should take to cover any other expenses, and also, what kind of clothes I should take.
I am looking forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely
Is shopping not always enjoyable? There are different opinions and points of view.
I like shopping very much. Firstly, you have a wide variety of shops you can buy food  from . For example, large supermarkets with dishes ready to eat. Even if you do not have any cooking skills you can enjoy exotic meals. On the other hand, some people complain that there are a lot of artificial products, which are quite unhealthy, but very expensive.
The second thing I like about shopping is the possibility to find your own style  by  buying clothes in the small boutiques. You can always ask for good advice from the experienced shop  assistants , which does not necessarily cost you extra money. However, someone else may say, it takes too much time.
The third reason I enjoy shopping is that I never go alone just to buy a thing I need. I always take my friend with me so we can chat or have coffee in the shop's cafe. Although my brother thinks the better way to have fun is to watch TV than to be pushed in crowded shops, I do not agree.
To sum up ,  I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable, but for me it is and I like it.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I was really glad to receive your letter and find out that I won the competition. I am writing this letter to give you all the necessary details.
First of all, you have asked me when I would like to travel. Actually, I could only travel in July, when I  have  my school  vacation  and I will be totally free.
As you have asked me about the accommodation, I would be grateful if I could stay in a tent - as it seems to be more practical and comfortable.
 (Among*/From)  the activities, I would choose painting - which I am keen on and I have done several courses -   and Photography -  (from*/about)  which I know just the  basic  skills.
I would like to know if I should take  any   winter clothes , and I would be grateful if you could tell me how much money is necessary for the trip.
Thank you for your attention. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Natalia Lopes
Shopping is not always enjoyable
With the  increase   (of*/in)  violence, more and more people are leaving the streets to spend their free time shopping - usually in shopping centres.
 In fact, shopping may be very enjoyable , as people  get in contact  with new products, take a look at shops, buy  something  or just walk around. But it can also be dangerous.
First, most  areas   (of*/in)   shopping  centres  use  artificial illumination and  air conditioning , which are bad for our health. Queues and lots of people going round can be stressful and tiring.
Besides, it was confirmed by scientists that  consumerism  may develop  (to*/into)  a compulsion. There are cases of people that  cannot  spend one day without buying anything.
After all that ,  we can  notice  that shopping can be a good  option  as long as we can choose other enjoyable activities for our free time.
Dear Mrs Helen,
It  was  great to  hear  from you. I cannot believe I'm the winner of your competition.
I'm really very happy.
As far as  the  further information you need from me is concerned, I am very glad to give you all the  relevant details .
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July; that is for me the only possibility because I will finish my course  at   university  at the end of June and I will start to work in September.
As far as  accommodation  is concerned, I would like to live in  a   tent  at Camp California. I prefer this type of  accommodation  because I am used to living in tents during my summer holidays.
As I am an athletic swimmer and a good surfer too, my choice from your attached list is naturally swimming and surfing.
I like to  travel light  and I have no idea about the weather; could you suggest    what kind of clothes I  should   bring  with me?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely 
Hi Kim!
It's great to  hear  from you!
The  concert last month ! The singer was fabulous and the musicians played fantastic songs.
I was employed in  security . I did it for free because it was a non-profit concert     to help  the poor people. It was the first time for me and I consider this experience the best of my life.
I had to look after people near the stage. The organiser gave me a radio and I had to advise the other staff members in case of  any  disorder. At the same time I could enjoy the music! I think this is what I particularly liked about this experience.
I suggest you  try  this kind of experience. You should be  proud  of  yourself  ,  helping people who  suffer , and at the same time you  can  enjoy yourself!
I am looking forward to seeing you!
Love
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have just seen the letter this morning and I am very happy  (for*/about)   winning  the competition. I believe I have the appropriate  qualifications  to stay two weeks at camp California. It  would  be wonderful to see you as soon as possible.
First of all, I will be able to travel in July  only  because I have not finished school.     I  wish  that my accommodation at Camp California it must be  in  a   tent . I  had  experience  of this     last summer.
Secondly, I am very keen  (at*/on)  sports , specially     sailing and swimming. Anyway I am  working hard at sailing for the world cup .
Finally, I would like to know how  the weather is  in July? Because I have to prepare all my  luggage  and I am sure it  will  be a great experience despite  the cost of living .
I look forward to hearing  (for*/from)  you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Hi, how are you? I'm fine. Thank you for my  birthday  present.
Sorry about my last  letter  but I've been  travelling . I didn't tell you about my last job . You  remember last  month   I helped  at a pop concert. Anyway, it was fantastic . You  can't imagine  what   the concert was  like?
   I was responsible for  checking   tickets at  the entrance ,  then I  had   to give  a  seat  to everyone. Anyway I  enjoyed   it  so much. I haven't been to a concert before so the  atmosphere  was really good. I  won't   forget  my experience in my  whole  life.
 Do  you remember the computer  course  that we took together . It  was very useful to  classify  each person  (in*/at)  the concert. So keep in touch.
 Lots of love ,
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have  received  your letter and I am so glad I have won the first prize. I have answers to your questions. I would like to travel in July because it is the perfect time for me to go on holiday because the 12th  of  July is my birthday. I want to sleep in tents because I think it's more adventurous  with  better scenery, and atmosphere.
You also asked me about the two things I'm good at . Well , the first one is basketball. I have been playing basketball for  roughly  4 years. I love basketball because I'm good at it and it is my favourite sport. The other thing I'm good at is tennis. I have been  playing  tennis for 2 years and I won the Under  16's  U.S open  tournament  last summer.
Last of all I have questions to ask you.  Will  I have to bring many clothes  i.e.   will  we do a lot of outdoor activities, get dirty etc ?   Will  I need a lot of money ?  Looking forward to  seeing  you soon.
Yours sincerely
This composition is about shopping. People today  shop   seven days  a week with their family, friends etc. But I think shopping is not always enjoyable. This statement is  due to  the great amount of rubbish we are  producing in  the world. The more stuff we buy ,  the more we throw away.
Shopping with some friends may be fun but you must also remember that you are spending money.  Therefore  you should think more carefully about what you are about to buy.
You can enjoy yourself in other different ways. For example, you can do sports ,  which  are  enjoyable and good for your health. Would you rather spend money on something which is destroying the world or do sports ,  which  are   good for you .
You must think about your children ,  who  will  be living in the world you helped to destroy. The ozone layer is being punctured when plastics or foams are burnt.
I think this is all I have to say to make you think that shopping isn't always enjoyable and change your  views   regarding  shopping.
13th June 2000
Dear Helen Ryan
I was  grateful  to  hear     I have won first prize in  the  competition.
I would like to tell you  which are some further information you given to me. 
I would like to join the camp in July because I  can  get  a  holiday from my company from 1th July to 28th July. Secondly, I would prefer to stay in tents.  In my experience,  I've never tried to stay in tents during the holiday. That's why I'd like to feel  adventurous . It could be  a  good ,  memorable thing for me. And I am interested in swimming and singing. When I was 17 years old, I    won  a  swimming competition which  was  held in  a  local stadium. I  won  second prize. And also, I have  joined   a      band  in my school. I'm responsible for lead  vocals . Every Monday  we have  a practice time.
What I would like to know about  is  what kinds of clothes    suit the season in the U.S.A and how much money    I should bring  to  the camp.
I look forward to joining the camp. I've  always wanted  to go  to   the  U.S.A. It must be  a  good chance to join the camp. Thanks for accepting.
Yours sincerely
Ae-Sook Pak
To. Director of  teachers 
From. Ae-Sook Pak
Subject. Some  suggestions  to make a video about daily life at our school.
INTRODUCTION
The aim of this report is     to suggest  which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why  they  are suitable to make a film  of .
EXPLAIN
According to  the  reactions of students. Most of the students are taking a morning class for 3 hours, and  in   the  middle of the lesson they're having a break time. After morning class they have a lunch time for 1 hour and continue to study for afternoon class. It's the most common daily life at our school. And according to the interviews, the most interesting class is the "upper  intermediate " class.  They are joined with different countries and with  a  good teacher. 
SUGGESTION
The point of "upper  intermediate  class". They are having  a  special time. Every Friday, they enjoy a special game     to check  vocabulary. And they  always do   their homework best .
CONCLUSION
I strongly recommend    making a video about "Upper intermidiate" class.  They must be shown the most well-class in our school. 
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to reply  (on*/to)  your letter    about the  holiday  at Camp California in the U.SA  which is   the  first prize in the competition which I fortunately won last month.
First of all, I want to know if it is possible to travel in July because during that month I will be free from the school's activities  and  my parents  only  let me go if I do not have to miss any of my classes.
About the activities that I have to choose, I have to say that it is quite difficult for me because I really like sports, but I think the best option is swimming because I have been  doing  it  (during*/for)  5 years so I want to  keep at it . The other activity that I chose is painting .  I am not as  good  as I want, nevertheless I think I can  improve  my skills during this course.
I would rather  have   a   tent  than  a   log cabin  for  my  accommodation because    last summer I had the great opportunity to  be  in a log cabin and now I want to know  what  the other  option  <NS type="M"></NS>. I am sure it will be thrilling to stay  close to nature  and ,  at the same time, it would be a new experience for me.
I would like to know how  the weather is  in California during the summer  so I can  bring with me  the   appropriate  clothes and the last thing I need to know   is the amount of money that I have to bring with me.
If you need more information, please do not hesitate     to write   to  me.
Yours sincerely,
To: John Weller.
From: Raquel Rossell.
Re: Suggestions for the film.
Introduction
To make  this report easier and faster  , it was necessary to make a  questionnaire  which was  given  out in the school.
After collecting the answers, I obtained the following results:
1- It would be a good idea to film the computer centre, the  listening room  room and the library because ,  as everybody knows, they have very good equipment and also they are comfortable places  that   help   the students  to improve their English on their own.
2 - They also think   that  through  filming some of the lessons that they usually have, known as "one-to-one" lessons, people who see this video   will  become  interested  (on*/in)  knowing more about the school ,  because    few English schools have this sort of  class .
3 -  Last but not least , a lot of students (almost 85%) think that the  extra-curricular activities  organised by the social programme    have   become  really exciting . So  they suggest filming these activites during the weekend, for example "the full day in Oxford" because    those  who  did not have the opportunity to go there   could see how great it was and then they can attend the next time. However, 15%  thought  that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying  themselves  and they mentioned it as not really important.
Conclusion
As you can see, my  classmates  and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have. Despite  there  being almost 300 students, the answers were quite similar.
I do recommend  paying  attention to the food in the cafeteria because ,  even though it was not the main  subject  of this report, they also wrote  to complain  about  it .
If you need more information  or  the sheets that I collected, please do not hesitate     to ask  me for them.
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan:
I have just received your letter telling me I have won the first prize in your competition, and I am glad  (for*/about)  it. I am  writing  to give the information you asked me  for  and also I would like to  request  some information about the prize.
First of all I  want to  let you know I could travel only  (on*/in)  July because it is the  month  that I have holidays from my school. Furthermore I would like to choose  to stay   in   a   tent  instead of  a   cabin  because I think  it  could be more exciting and  could provide  more contact with the  environment .
Also I would like to  respond   to your question about  the activities I  have  to choose from your list: I would prefer painting and photography because  I am not healthy enough for the other sports  at the moment, and I  think  I used to do painting and photography very  well  at    school.
Finally I would like to ask if I need  any  special clothes and  do  I need  any  money? How much?
Please ,  if you require extra information do not hesitate to contact me.
Yours faithfully
Dear Kim: I am sorry, I haven't written  to  you  sooner  but I  am  still excited  (for*/about)  the experience I had helping Will Smith on the freeway    last month. Anyway ,  now I am going to tell you everything about it.
As you know ,  I have always taken the freeway on Sundays to go to my grandparents' house, but that Sunday I was driving when suddenly I saw in the lay-by one excellent car. It was a Jaguar with Will Smith  (on*/in)  it .  I stopped and I was going to ask if he needed some help and he said , "Of  course".
He had a puncture    and he didn't know how to  repair   it  . Then  I  changed  the  tyre  and during this time he was asking me  (for*/about)  my hobbies, studies, everything. He was really kind and friendly but really what I really  enjoyed most   (of*/about)  it   was when he invited me  out   that  night for a drink  (in*/at)  the most  luxurious  pub I have ever been  to .  Can  you believe my luck?
All right that's about all my news,  then writte  soon and tell me about you.
Lots of love
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing  to  you in order to answer your questions and to get some information I would like to have.
First of all ,  I want you to know I am really happy about the prize. The only problem is that  as  I am a student I can travel only during  the  holidays, in July.  Regarding  accommodation I would rather  stay  in  a   tent  because I have never  been     camping  and  I would like to  try   it .
I am not really keen on art . That  is why I  would  prefer doing some sports like surfing and sailing. If I  had  to be honest, I would say I have never  done   either  of them. Yet, I would like to try them because my city is    far from the sea so I don't have many opportunities of doing them.
I would appreciate  it  if you could tell me what kind of clothes and how much money I should take.  Besides , I wonder if I will share  a   tent  or not and if I have to  bring  it    or if it will be provided by you.
I am looking  forward  to hearing from you.
Yours
Natalia Lorena Kraus
Dear Kim,
I'm really happy because I've finally received your letter. If I didn't  tell  you  about   my  experience  (of*/at)  the pop concert in detail in my last letter  it  was because I didn't have time. Please don't be angry. I will tell you everything right now.
 A  few months ago I  chatted ,  via   the   Internet , to a nice guy from Buenos Aires   who happened to be one of the  members  of "Los Pericos". We started mailing each other and became good friends. They  had  to  give  a concert in my city so when they arrived here my friend phoned me and invited me  to  where they were preparing the concert.
The problem was that one of the  technicians  was from England and nobody there spoke    a word  (in*/of)  English so I was asked to be the interpreter. It was so great!! Not only because I learnt a lot about concerts and music, but also because I practised my English.
I hope you are not angry any more after this letter.
I'm looking  forward  to hearing from you.
love,
Dear Sir/Madam
I am so pleased to know that I have won such  an  amazing prize in your competition. I  would  like to answer the questions you  have asked  me.
Firstly, I should say that I would like to travel in July because     that  is the month  which  I could  most  likely have off  (at*/from)  work     to go  on holiday.
Secondly, I would prefer to stay  (at*/in)   a   log cabin  rather than  a   tent . That is because ,  I do not want to seem  fussy  ,  but I like to have some  luxuries  when I am going on holiday and I think  sleeping   (over*/on)  the floor without electricity    may annoy me.
Finally, I  would  like to choose swimming as  my  activity in the Camp. I love swimming and also I should say that I am very good at this sport because I have been doing  it  for  a  long time.  Conversely , painting is an activity  which  I have never  tried  before, so    I have not any skill in drawing but I  would  like  to start  doing that  now  when I have the chance. So that is my second choice.
 On the other hand,  I would like to know some  information   which  could be useful  (in*/on)  my holiday like:  what  type of clothes  would  be more suitable for me in the Camp? Could I need some extra money? Do I need to bring  anything  else? If    so, please let me know as soon as possible.
 looking  forward to getting your Reply
Yours sincerely
Dear friend.
I am  writing  to tell you about my experience  (in*/at)  the  pop concert last month , where I was helping my friend Nick ,  who was the bouncer  (of*/at)  the  venue .
 It  was a pop concert with lots of famous singers like Madona, Julio Iglesias, and people like them
 It  was a charity concert to  raise  money  (to*/for)  poor people  (of*/in)  AFRICA.
My job    was to   accommodate  to the people of the main sit of the  theatre  . Of course those places were reserved just for  well-known people  who wanted to help by  attending  the concert.
So I had to ask them for their  identification  and for their invitations. After that, I  had  to take them to their respective  seats .
At first, I was a bit  scared , I mean ,  I was afraid  of  not  being  good enough to  do   well  as  an  assistant; but finally  everything  went well.
I should say that it was the easiest and  most  interesting job that I have ever done. I really enjoyed it and also I did not miss the opportunity to ask the artist to  have his photo taken  with me.
So, I hope to see you  soon  to show  you  all my  photos .
I think   it was very  clever  of me to record that moment  which  I will never ever forget, and that was the  thing  that I  liked most   (of*/about)  that experience.
Looking forward to getting your reply and to seeing you soon
lots of love
Dear Sir/Madam
First of all I would like to say thanks for your letter and your  concern  about your customers. I was absolutely  thrilled  to  receive   the  news about my  winning     a competition.
Your letter contains  a  few questions about  the   details  of my holiday which I would like to  answer  for you. The first is  about  time. I am only able to go on holiday in July, because  for the rest of the  time I have college, which I can't  miss .
The second is accommodation. I  would  rather    stay in log cabins than live in tents. I don't like  cold nights  and  mosquitoes .
I  am  so glad   that I will get  a  chance to do activities in the camp. I play basketball and    tennis. I  am  quite good at tennis.  What about basketball is . I played in  the  school team, and was one of the best players by the end of this season.
There is one more thing which I would like to know about. It is  regarding  clothes and money. Should I have any special  clothes  ? If  yes what kind of  clothing   it is . And of course there will be expenses. Can you inform me how much money  I should  have and can I have some information about prices  of   visiting  local places of  interest .
 Finally  I would like  once  more to say thanks for your letter and I look forward to hearing from you by post with all  the   details  about  the  holiday.
Yours  faithfully 
I hate shopping but  on the other hand  sometimes you can have fun  doing  it. In my opinion, it  depends  on your mood, your financial  situation ,  of course  ,  where you are going to  go  shopping and what you are going to buy.
 Usually  people don't have time for shopping. You've just finished your long hours at work, you  are   tired , you had  a  row with your boss but you are still going to  go  shopping. And what  do  you have ?  There are huge  queues  to  the  tills, noise,  hassle , poor  customer  service. You've got more stress, you feel fed up and  finally  when you  get  home you think that shopping is not  as  enjoyable as you thought.
For example ,  a lot of people do not like to  go  shopping in big stores. It takes hours to buy something. There are so many  varieties  of products, different prices, different  qualities . You  will have to walk  miles around  the  store to find what you  want . Yes, there is  a  big plus  (for*/with)   a  big store of course. You can find everything in one place,  in contrast to the  small shops which  specialise   (on*/in)  one product. And people spend all  weekend  walking around shopping  centres  and high streets in  trills  to buy something.
 Nowadays   technical  progress gets close to us, to  normal   customers .  The  Internet is one of the  solutions   (at*/to)  this problem. Without any  hassle ,  sitting  in your  chair  in front of your computer ,   in a second you  can get  (in*/to)     any shop  that  has  an  internet site  -  most of the big companies have  one   -  get all  the  information about  the  product, get  a  cheaper price and buy it.
Dear Ms. Helen Ryan
I am very happy to  hear  from you that I have won first prize in your competition -  two  weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. and I am writing     to tell you my information .
Firstly, I will be able to travel only in July because I go to  university  and I  normally  spend    most of  the  time     working .  to do.  and I have holiday only in July.
Secondly,       accommodation. I prefer    tents. When I go  camping , I stay in    log cabins all the time so I would like to try  a  different way to  camp , this time.
And I choose  photography  and tennis from the activities list. I am taking  photography   lessons  at  university  and I started tennis   when I was 10 so I am good at  both  of them.
 Finally , I have questions about clothes and money.
How much money should I take and should I take only casual clothes and trainers?
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Dear Kim.
Thank you for your lovely letter and I hope you are well.
The other day, I worked at a pop concert to help. It was really  more  interesting than I expected. My job    behind the stage was helping  with  make-up,  hair  and clothes  staylist . It was very hard. The singers often changed  their  clothes and  their  make-up was  easy to be off  because of the sweat. It was different from  when  I did  it  at college. There was no time to rest. But I met a lot of famous  singers  and spoke to them.  So many people were in front of the stage  and they couldn't see them very well, but I was    very near  (from*/to)  the stage and I could see them just there.
You like pop music, don't you? So, don't go to a concert! Work at a concert! That's much more exciting.
Anyway, shall we meet sometime? We haven't  seen  each other  for  so long time and I'll tell you more  stories   (of*/about)  this.
Write soon,
Bye Bye.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have received your letter today and I would  like  to thank you for the first  prize .
The best dates for me to travel   would be in July because  actually  I work in the  communications industry  and I must ask    my employer when I can take holidays. But I think it will be from the 7 July 2000 to the 21 July 2000.  Regarding  the accommodation at camp, I prefer    the log cabins, because  a  few years go, I went camping with some friends and every night it rained and in the tent   it was impossible to sleep because the ground was so wet .  So  for this  reason , I choose the log cabins.
 For the two activites that I chose are at first swimming  .  I am in the  swimming team  and I must go two times per week to  train     because I have  a  competition every weekend. My second choice   is  basketball . I have played basketball at school and I was one of the best  players  .  After  that, I decided to coach a team but I should stop because I have started  entering  swimming  competitions .
For these two weeks, what kind of clothes  must I  take?  It is including the transport and travel , but for the food and extra  activities  I must take some money. Could you tell me  approximately   how much? 
 Yours  sincerely
M. Bruni
Dear Kim,
How are you? I'm fine.
You know last month I helped at a pop concert as  part of the  security. It was a very good experience.
The concert sarted at 6:00 pm <NS type="M"></NS> until 2:00 am, and I started to work at 12:00 pm to  prepare  the  stage  with the musicians.
After that, at 2:00 pm, when people arrived, I was at the entrance to take the tickets and ,  you know ,  it was  incredible  because some people slept all    night in front of the stadium to be in the front row. There were maybe 50,000 spectators for this show .  It  was amazing. When the concert started I had  to look round  if anybody threw bottles or  anything  else on the  stage . I also helped to serve people who would like  to drink  .  I was like a barman. I saw old people,  children .... and for me it was very strange and it was very  interesting , because I met a lot of people and the best thing was that I knew the pop group who sang .  It  was fantastic. If I  have   another  opportunity to do that I think that I will do.
Write  to  me as soon as possible.
Tuesday, 13nd June 2000
Dear Ms Ryan,
I've just received the letter telling me that I've won first prize in your competition. I guess you can imagine how happy and excited I am  right now .
Here  is  the  few  information about my stay at Camp California   that you asked  me  to  provide :
 Regarding  the  best dates for my visit , I wonder if it would be possible  to come  in July because I'm going to  sit  a very important exam at the end of June. Two weeks in the USA would be a great  opportunity  for me to relax after that.
You asked  me  to  choose  my accommodation  (between*/from)   either  tents  or  cabins. I prefer sleeping in a log cabin (I  had  a very bad experience with tents while I was camping with friends last year)
The activities listed in your letter  all seemed to be interesting . I  chose  to  play   basketball  (I play in a club,  I am quite good ) and  to do  photography (there must be beautiful pictures to take in California).
Talking about California, I suppose that the weather is hot there in  summer . Could you please tell me if I have to take  any  special clothes with me ?  If it's not  too  much to ask, could you also tell me how much money I should take with me for food or evening activities at the camp ? 
 Looking for you to receive  those  information ,
Dominique
Last week I had planned to change my old basketball shoes. So I took the train to Lausanne (I live in Lavaux and it's impossible to find  the right  pair of sneakers in  this whole damned city !) to buy a new pair to play  outdoors   in  this summer.
After having  looked around   the  shops  (during*/for)  10 hours and tried at least 2,000 shoes, I finally found what I was looking for  - the  shoes of my dreams (well designed and not too expensive) .  So I went back to the station, very proud of  myself  with my sneakers in a white plastic bag and a great smile on my face.
I stayed    happy during the  journey , thinking of how cool I would look  (on*/in)  the playground with my  brand-new  shoes on.
As I jumped off the train, I met a friend of mine. I immediately wanted to show him what I had bought to make him jealous. I took the white plastic bag and... Oh my god! There was no more plastic bag .   I had  left  it  (in*/on)  the train!
How stupid I am! It seems like I will have to play  (with*/in)  old shoes for one more summer...
Dear Helen Ryan,
 First of all , I'd like to  thank   you  for the prize  I   won . I'd like to  get to know   the  USA.  This  prize came  (in*/at)  a good time.
I'd like to  travel  in  July  because I've got an examination at USP in Roo Cohelo in July. For  this  the only  month  that I can travel is July. And I'd like to stay in a  log cabin  because I can't bear sleeping in a tent .  I hate  that  kind of  accommodation . But I love sports. I'd like to play  tennis  and  go  swimming .  These  are my favourite sports. I can play tennis better  you  I can swim, because since I was  a  child I've been  playing  it. I've already  won  three prizes  (about*/in)  it.
And I'd like to know    what kind of clothes to take and how much money to take too. I've never  been  to  the  USA before.
I hope I will have a good journey.
Yours  sincerely ,
ALBiTO.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
We had a class discussion about shopping,  because of  it I'm writing to  explain  about my opinion.
I love shopping mainly when I am alone  or  when I am angry because I think it can help me to relax. When I  have  got plenty of money sometimes I like  to spend  a bit of it with some friends or buying a good present for my  girlfriend .
But if I haven't got enough money to spend or if I am sad shopping is not always enjoyable, because without money and  being  sad  it  is not a good idea to go    shopping.
Normally I spend money buying some new clothes that I like    and shoes .  I love new shoes.
One good idea  is  to go    shopping    when you  have  got plenty of money.
ALBiTO
Dear Helen Ryan , 
I can only travel  (on*/in)  July because  this  is the  month  when I have holidays. I've already talked to my manager, and she said that that's the only  month  I can have my holidays.
I would prefer to stay in  a  log cabin because it must be cold  staying  in a tent. I have some problems with my kidneys, so I can't stay in  one  of the tents, and  also it  must be very comfortable  staying   in  a log cabin.
I'm really good at Golf and Tennis, so I would like to choose these two activities. I've been doing these activities for a very long time. I've been playing Golf for five years, and  I've  a  handicap  of sixteen, but the problem is that I haven't been playing Golf for a long time because I work every day. I've been playing  tennis  since I was seven, and I've been studying how to play  tennis  for a very long time, nine years.
I would like to know what kind of  clothes     I need to take with me, and can you write  to  me     about  what kind of weather  it's going to be  there, for the time I will be staying there. Also I would like to know how much money  I should  take with me, because I'm not sure how much I'll need to spend there. See you ,  Mrs Helen Ryan, and please write    back . 
Ivan. S.
Dear Kim,
I wish you  had been  there with me helping at a pop concert. I just loved it .  I was working with  this  music system. You know how good  I am  at music Anyway  I was helping  (to*/at)   this  pop concert to get the  correct  sounds . At  the  beginning  I was  connecting  all these wires into  speakers , music system,  guitars  etc... The  bit that I particularly  liked about the experience was when I was standing next to the singers and playing a guitar  -  you know how much I love playing guitar  -  and all these video cameras were just filming us. I asked  one  of the  cameramen  when they're going to show  this  show on tv, and he told me they're going to show it on  the  10 of June, so turn on your tv on  this  date ,   channel  three, and  you   will   see  me there playing     this  guitar .  AH ,  it was lovely. These singers are going to come next year so I want to invite you to my house for one or two weeks to see  this  pop concert . Believe  me ,  you'll love it and you might  play  the drums .  I told them that you're really good  (at*/on)  drums so they want to try you too.
I'll write  to  you soon Kim.
 Say  hello to your parents!
Dear Helen,
I received your letter the other day,  and  I was very happy to find out that I  had won  two weeks at Camp California. Well, to answer    your questions, I would prefer to attend    this camp during the month of July because it is the only time when I can  take   a vacation .  This  is because I am an apprentice, so they  only let me have my vacations in July !!
Well,  regarding  the  accommodation  at Camp California I would prefer staying in a tent. I think it is more fun sleeping in a tent than in a log cabin. It is more like  an  adventure being in a tent, and you are closer to    nature, and the animals!
For  my  activities I think I will choose swimming because I love swimming and being in the water. And I am really good at it .   I used to  enter     competitions when I was younger. And for the other  activity  I will  choose  tennis .  I really enjoy this sport .  I am not really a good player but I like to  play  tennis  (during*/in)  my free time! Since I'm coming  (during*/in)  the month of July what kind of clothes should I take with me ?  And  I have another question . It's  about money. How much should I take? And is it better to have  cash  or  cheques ?
Best  regards ,
Helen
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Well this is  absolutely  true,  especially  when you go shopping on Saturday. Everyone goes shopping on Saturday so the mall is always  crowded , and most of the people are stressed .  It's  crazy. For  example  ,  you go into a  clothes  shop, you see all those women running around trying to find the shirt that  will   match  their new skirt, so they are looking  everywhere , pushing you because they think that you will take the shirt that they want. And then they have  it  and you have to wait to try on the pants or the skirt you  have chosen . And you have to wait after  that  to buy it, so finally you  have waited  so long that you  have become  late, so you get stressed  too . So it's really not enjoyable to go shopping. Plus ,  most of the time, you see all those mothers looking after their kids, and yelling their  kids' names   (into*/in)  the shopping mall because they  have lost  them. So you  get  a headache because you hear the kids crying, the mothers yelling .  If  I can give you  some  advice: DON'T GO SHOPPING ON SATURDAY!! You get headaches, you get stressed, and finally you get  bruises  because of the woman  who  pushed you to get the pretty skirt before you!!!
DEAR MS. RYAN,
I'M WRITING THIS LETTER TO  SAY  THAT THE RESULTS CATCH ME ABSOLUTELY BY SURPRISE!
I WOULD PROBABLY ENJOY    TRAVELLING IN JULY BECAUSE I  HAVE  TO  TAKE  MY LITERATURE EXAMS BEFORE  THEN  AND I'M TAKING  THEM  IN JUNE.
 TO ANSWER     ANOTHER OF YOUR QUESTIONS,  I'D  PREFER TO HAVE     A   LOG CABIN , BECAUSE OF MY  BACK  PROBLEM ,  WHICH  WON'T  LET ME SLEEP ON THE GROUND (OR  (ON*/IN)  A SLEEPING BAG).
 I'M REALLY KEEN ON KEEPING TO MY TENNIS AND SWIMMING ROUTINES DURING MY STAY AT THE CAMP .
I USUALLY SWIM THREE TIMES A WEEK IN ORDER TO  MAINTAIN  A  BACK  TREATMENT WHICH MY DOCTOR  HAS  RECOMMENDED ME TO  FOLLOW . ALSO, IF I HAVE ANY LEISURE TIME BETWEEN SCHOOL AND PIANO LESSONS, I  PLAY  TENNIS.
SO,    IF    POSSIBLE, I WAS INTERESTED  (ON*/IN)  THE POSSIBILITY OF  CONTINUING  MY  ROUTINE  THERE.
LASTLY, I WOULD LIKE YOU TO TELL ME IF I  HAVE  TO  BRING  SOME MONEY WITH ME TO BUY FOOD OR DRINKS AND HOW THE CLIMATE OF THE CAMPING AREA IS  SO I CAN   PACK  MY LUGGAGE ,   BRINGING  ONLY THE  APPROPRIATE  CLOTHES.
LOOKING FORWARD TO  HEARING  FROM YOU
YOURS SINCERELY,
'THIS IS SUCH A MARVELLOUS BOOK YOU WILL WANT TO READ IT AGAIN'.
ARE YOU A SCIENCE FICTION  STORIES  LOVER?  DO  YOU LOVE THE IDEA OF  KNOWING   HOW A MARTIAN IS ? IF YOU REALLY FIND READING THIS KIND OF BOOK INTERESTING, YOU  SHOULDN'T  MISS THIS BOOK.
DURING   THE LAST MONTH I'VE BEEN READING "A WINDOW ON THE UNIVERSE" ,  AN OXFORD BOOKMARKS COLLECTION BOOK. THIS BOOK CONTAINED NINE STORIES WHICH  WERE  WRITTEN BY  WELL-KNOWN   WRITERS  LIKE RAY BRADBURY.
BUT THE MAIN  PURPOSE  OF THE BOOK IS  TO ALLOW  YOU TO FLY WITH YOUR IMAGINATION AND  TO HAVE  A  GLIMPSE  OF HOW    LIFE  IS  GOING TO BE IN THE FUTURE, WHEN, PERHAPS THE WORLD WILL BE  RULED  BY MACHINES.
I THINK THAT THIS IS A MARVELLOUS BOOK TO READ, BECAUSE YOU ARE ABLE TO  PUT YOUR MIND UP AGAINST  THEMES LIKE " THE EXTINCTION OF THE HUMAN RACE " AND ALSO  TO MAKE  A COMPARISON BETWEEN  THE   HUMAN MIND  AND COMPUTERS.
SO, IF YOU ARE LOOKING  (THROUGH*/FOR)  A "REALLY SPLENDID  SCIENCE  FICTION BOOK" I WILL RECOMMEND YOU TO READ "A WINDOW.." AND I'M SURE THAT WHEN YOU FINISH READING IT YOU  WILL WANT   TO READ  IT AGAIN, AND AGAIN...!
Dear Helen Ryan!
This is just a note to  confirm   for  you    that  I  have   received  your letter.
I am so happy to have won  the  first prize in your competition. I will be happy to be for two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I  understand  from your letter    that  all accommodation and travel costs are paid for me, including transport to and from the airport.
To answer your questions, I would like to tell you    that   I can only travel   (on*/in)  July, because I will  be studying for  the  Cambridge  exam till 1 July.
Would it be possible to have   accommodation   at Camp California in a tent, because I  haven't had   a  chance to sleep  (into*/in)   one .
And would it be possible to do  swimming  and  surfing . I am very good  at  swimming. I  have been doing  it  for as long as I can remember .  (In*/At)   surfing  I am not good at all. I have been  dreaming  about this  activity  since I  was  10 years old.
I would like to know    how many  people  will stay with me  (into*/in)  the tent, and  do I  have     to take  with me  any  special clothes for     surfing .
I will contact you, if I  have  more questions.
I look forward to  being  at Camp California in the U.S.A.
 Yours   sincerely 
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
I like shopping. I love to  go  shopping. But  only if  I have money!!  Or  some money. Shopping can't be enjoyable if you don't have money to spend. It is better to stay at home and read a good book.
 I think   going  shopping in  a  big  space  like Harrodss  is  not  a   pleasure  , because  it's  crowded   (of*/with)  people.  I  like to be in small boutiques, and I would rather go    shopping  along and  during the  weekend    .  Because I don't like to give some  advice  it's can be  really  boring . And  going     shopping  after   the   weekend   is  not for me. I don't know what  more I can tell you  .  I'm sorry. Drop me a line or give me a call if my writing  is  not so good for you  because  I'll be out next week. And I'll  miss  your lessons.
I am writing in reply to your letter, which I  received  last week, and in fact I am very surprised and  pleased   (for*/with)  the prize.
First of all I would like to travel in July because  it  is my  only  free month ,  since I am student and I am very busy    all year.
Secondly,  regarding  accommodation, I would prefer to stay in a  log  cabin,  because  I used to use  a  tent on holiday and I haven't  got very good experiences .
Thirdly I chose photography and swimming because I have previous experience in these activities and of course I have some diplomas which I will send you.
In addition, I work every summer as a  Monitor   (in*/at)  the leisure centre in my town.
Apart from this ,  photography is one of my  favourite  hobbies and I usually  spend  nearly all my spare time  doing  it and of course I have some diplomas as well.
Lastly I would like to ask you    some questions.
   I would like to have further information about  what  kind of clothes I need for that area. I don't know if I have to bring only light clothes or both  light and heavy clothes .
   I would like to request  some information about  accommodation and if you could  specify  what this trip includes, since I need to know how much money I have to take.
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply.
Yours faithfully
Hello ,  it's been ages since we were in touch .  I'm sorry I haven't written to you for such a long time but I  was  very busy last month, with this job.
I have to tell you that this experience was wonderful and in fact I enjoyed  it  a lot and of course I  got to know  a lot of people there.
I found this opportunity through the Radio in an advertisement.
 At  first I was a little  unsure  about  whether  I was able to do this job, because they needed people with some skills and experience. But later I decided to call them and ask them for further information about this job.
After  an  interview I was chosen for  the job  .  I couldn't believe it. I feel that this was a good  opportunity  for me, not only for my professional but also for my personal life.
Moreover I  practised  a lot of  aspects  of my speciality,  which  for me was the most important  real experience .
 According to my job,  I had to help the teams with the outlights and ,  of course ,  it  was  my first  professional  experience:  in the end  I felt  like   one  of them, because they were so kind to me, and I could  help  a lot    and I learnt a lot with this project.
Furthermore, I found  the time went quickly  and they offered me  a  new project for the summer.
I hope to hear from you soon.
8 Jun 2000
Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
Dear Sir
At the  beginning  I would like to thank You for Your letter - it pleased me much. I have always dreamt about holidays 'in Camp California'
However there are some problems that I hope to solve. First of all the only suitable time for me to go is July. It is the only time when I am free from my duties - I am a doctor so you see that I  cannot  let my patients down. If we are talking about  accommodation  then  accommodation  in tents would be great - I love being close to    nature. I would  also like you to know  about my two  hobbies : swimming and surfing. I am not  talking  about some kind of  achievements  in those  disciplines  but  they   are  my big  passion 
I hope to have a chance to  practise  both of  them  at 'Camp California'.
There is also one thing that I would like to ask  you  about. The question is: Do I need some extra money and what kind of clothes should I take for this trip?
Yours sincerely
Anna Nowak
  Unconnected  part of  all   people's   lives  is shopping.  We buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this  is  money.
As a teenager I must  admit  that there is nothing more enjoyable  (from*/than)  shopping. It's like ,,walking in the clouds,, you feel like  you are   flying . Choosing  gives  me such  great  pleasure because I never have to worry  (from*/about)   where     I  get  money for my wishes. It all comes from my parents. All I  have  to do is buy and choose. I think that ,,having is a dream''  (of*/for)  all of us.
It's hard for me even to  imagine   a  situation when shopping is not enjoyable. Probably it is one of the moments when you want something  badly  and you can't have it. Another situation is when you have to buy somebody a present. Everybody  knows  that ,,present presents a problem'' You know your own  taste  but what  ( with */about)   the   taste  of the other person?
However I can't agree with  the  opinion that ,,Shopping is not always enjoyable'' I think that everybody  likes  to buy but not everybody  likes  to  take  pleasure in it.
June 5, 2000
Dear Ms. Helen Ryan:
I am writing this letter because I would like to express my happiness. This is the first time I won a prize in  this  kind of  competition  so I would like to  answer   your   questions .
First of all, I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because I have a lot of work  to do  and my parents wish to see me    this month, so if it is possible to arrange the  dates   that  would be very nice.
Second, I  used  to go to Camps where they only used log cabins so I prefer ,  if it is possible ,  to be in  a   tent , because it would be a  new  experience  for me .
Third, I love playing basketball .  I am a great player and I play  (with*/for)  my University and I like to be playing all the time so  I will not miss this activity . The other activity would be  surfing . I think  it  is very cool and I want to learn.
Finally, I want to know what kind of  clothing  I will need and if have to take  any  money  to spend at the  shops or markets.
Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours  sincerely ,
Jason Andre.
Shopping is not always enjoyable. You have to be  walking all the time , so your legs will feel  painful    at the  end of the day  . You  will be very tired and you  will  want to  rest  for two months.
If I go alone  it  is very fast and I enjoy it but if I  went  with my mother it would be horrible, I  would  have to  make  a sacrifice. I  would  have to  wait  until my mother  decided  which is the best place to buy her dress.
She  would  see if it is pretty or not, if it is  (in*/on)   sale  at  another  store ,  we  would  not buy the dress and we  would  have to go to the other store to see the other dress, but  after  seeing all the stores and looking  at  all the dresses she  would   decide   (for*/on)  the first  one  we saw. It  would be  horrible.
 It is  like a nightmare.
Dear Ms. Ryan,
Even if I worked hard on it, I was very surprised     to win     the first prize.
At the moment, I'm worried    about not being able to enjoy it because I have recently  got  a new job and I started working just three months ago. For this reason I am afraid I won't be allowed to  choose  the  time   (for*/of)  my holidays.
Consequently I hope that  it  is possible to join the camp during the last two weeks of July, when the company I work  (with*/for)  suspends its activities. As far as I am concerned, I would prefer  to stay  in a log cabin, but in case there are no cabins left I can stay in a  tent  as well.
As you already know, I am trying to become a professional photographer, consequently I would choose  photography  as the first  activity  and painting as the second.
However ,  I would like to know if by any chance the  photography  activities are only for beginners. In this case I would rather do some climbing, which I have never done before.
Yours  sincerely 
- Shopping is not always enjoyable -.
In general, shopping is considered a pleasant activity.  Actually  most people work hard to earn their money and consequently, the occasion  (in*/on)  which this money is spent to buy something useful, or simply something they like, should be considered a very pleasant  occasion . In fact, the shopping you do for  your  daily needs is seldom  enjoyable , as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and  moreover  you are often faced with some nasty situations. Shops and markets are often noisy and crowded, you don't know where to park your car, shop assistants are rude and sometimes they don't know how to do their job. Anyway if you can choose the time and the place, and if you go shopping just because you like it, and not because you need  to , shopping can be a very nice activity.
Personally I don't like dealing with shop assistants and looking around the shops, so I buy all  that  I can using "on-line" services.
God bless the  person  who invented the Internet!
Dear Mrs Ryan , 
Many thanks for your letter.
I would like to travel in July because I have got  my  summer holidays from July to August and I work as a bank clerk in August. I think a tent would suit my personal  lifestyle  better than a log cabin because I love    nature.
I would like to play basketball during my holidays at Camp California because I love this game. I have been playing basketball for 8 years and today I am a member of an Austrian  basketball team . But I have never played golf in my life  though  with your help I would be able to learn how to play golf and I think this could be very interesting.
I  would also  like to know how much money I will get from you for  these  two weeks because I would like to spend some money  (for*/on)  clothes.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
Last month I enjoyed helping at a pop concert and I think you want to hear some funny stories about the  experiences  I  had .
At first I had to clean the three private rooms of the stars. This was very boring but after I left the third room I met Brunner and Brunner. These two people are stars in our country... O.K. I am just  kidding . I don't like  Brunner and Brunner's songs  because this kind of music is very boring.
I also had to clean the  washrooms . I will never ever help anybody to  organise  a pop concert  again .
But after this  servile  work I met Eminem. I think you know his popular songs like "My Name Is". It was one of the greatest moments in my life. I had to  take  him something to eat.
It was    hard but also     fun  work. You should try to  get  some experience  (during*/at)  such a concert .  You  would not regret it.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am glad that I have won first prize in your competition. I  was  very surprised  to win . You ask me in your letter when I would like to travel. The answer is the following one: I  can only  travel  in  July because I have to work all August. I can take holidays only  in  the month of July. You ask me if I prefer to sleep in tents or log cabins. I prefer the tents because I never use  this  kind of accommodation. I have  chosen  the two following activities.  The first  one is  tennis  and  the  second one is sailing. I  have been playing  tennis for many years. I have even  entered  competitions. I like  this game a lot . I have  chosen  sailing because I would like to try a new sport. I love water but I  have never tried  this sport before.
I would like to ask you two questions. How much money do I have to take with me for these two weeks and what kind of clothes do I have to bring with me? I'll be very happy to see you soon.
Yours  sincerely .
Yves DUTEIL
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Shopping is not always enjoyable because of different problems.
The first thing is the  location  of  the shops . Sometimes you have to go far away from home to do your shopping and it takes a lot of time. The second thing is that you need to go shopping when the supermarkets are open. Many people work late and they do not have enough time to go    shopping. The third thing is the  crowds . Everybody  does  their shopping at the same  time  and often in the same place. It is almost a battle to buy different things and     to pay   for  those things. People are often  irritable  and  aggressive . Sometimes you can see fights between two men or women.
There is one more thing. When you are a man and your wife asks you to  go     shopping, be patient! Because women  love  shopping and you have to follow them everywhere and always  give  your opinion about clothes, music,  perfumes ...
Dear Mrs Ryan,
In reply to your letter  received   on  the  13th  of June, I first would like to say that it is a great pleasure for me to have been  chosen .
First of all, you've asked me when I  want  to travel. In fact  there  would be only one possibility in July because I will  finish     my exams    at the end of  that  month and  begin      vocational   training  the  1st  of August.
To continue with the  other  information you need, I would prefer to sleep in  a  tent because of  its  proximity to    nature.
Furthermore, I've  chosen  two activities ,   which  are  sailing and climbing .  I climbed  for 3 years  while  I was at school and I think that my  standard  is still not too bad.  Conversely , I've never sailed in my life and would enjoy  starting     at Camp California. To end   , I would like to know how much money we will need for the free time and what kind of clothes and  equipment  do I need to  do  the activities I've  chosen .
I would like to thank you for  everything , and am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours sincerely
Victoire Bouchard
Dear Kim,
How are you?
I've    received your last letter and want to thank  you  for the pictures  you enclosed . You've asked me  how the Leysin Rock Festival was , but I still cannot find the words to explain how fabulous and  unexpectable  it was.
As you know, I was there to help  (for*/with)  the    running of the concert and there  were  a lot of different things to do.
First, I had  to check  the tickets at the  entrance . In addition, there were some  VIPs  to place. Then, during the concert ,   I helped  to serve the beers at the bar.  I met  a lot of  interesting  people while I was serving  drinks .
Furthermore, I had to make announcements  (at*/over)  the loudspeaker for the children who  were  lost.
 Everything  was very  interesting , but what I particularly liked about the experience  was  the  human relations .
 I met  a lot of different people and they all  taught  me something new about behaviour or  compassion . I hope we will see  each other  as soon as possible and  I  am waiting for your  reply .
Love
Victoire
xxx
13 of June 2000
Dear Helen Ryan:
I will be very happy to travel  (on*/in)   July  because in that  month  I am going to have my holidays, so I will not have to ask  permission  from my  boss . At the same time,  my birthday is in July , so it would be nice to  celebrate   it  there.
I  would  prefer to  stay  in a tent,  because  in that way I can feel  closer  to    nature, and I can remember when I was a  girl scout . Sleeping in  a  tent is much more  exciting  and  clousy  than  in  a log cabin.
At the camp I  would  like to choose two activities, Painting and Singing .  I love painting . At     university I studied art for two years, but now I don't have much time to paint  because  I work in a bank and I have a baby. So I will be very happy to improve my art  (in*/at)  the camp. The reason  (of*/for)  my  choice   (for*/of)  singing is  that  I feel  embarrassed  about my voice, so maybe I could  improve it .
I  would  like to have more information about the prices of the clothes and  souvenirs .
 Thank you  for  giving  me this  opportunity .
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim:
You are never going to believe what I did last month .  I was walking with my sister in Oxford circus, when  suddenly  a man  stopped  us saying that he was looking for people to help  (in*/at)  a concert and they  were  going to pay us five pounds an hour. We  said  yes  immediately  .  I nearly shouted  (of*/with)   happiness  when they told us that   Luis Miguel was  giving  the concert . He  is my  favourite  singer.
The concert was on a  Sunday  and we had to work  (on*/at)  the back of the  stage , doing all sorts of things like  collecting   rubbish  and helping other people  who   were  working there. We  were  so close to him .  I didn't have the chance to talk with him but I don't mind .  I will never forget that day. Since then,  I  and my sister talk about Luis Miguel every day.
I  hope  you write  to  me soon to  tell  me  your  opinion.
lots of love
Dear Mrs Ryan
I am very happy to know that I have won the first prize in your competition. Now I can realize one of my  dreams .
I can give you all the information that you need. I prefer to travel in July because it is the only month I can have two  weeks'  holiday.
For the accommodation I prefer to have a log cabin because I have some problems with my back and I need a bed to sleep in. I can do two activities during my stay at the camp. The first one I  have chosen  is swimming. I have a good level  of proficiency  in swimming and I  entered  some competitions last year which I  won . For the second activity I  have chosen  photography. I have  taken  a photography course  over  the last two years so I am able to  take  some beautiful pictures.
One question, I just want to know what kind of clothes do I take with me? And how  much  money do I need?
I thank you in advance.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
You want to hear about my experience  (in*/of)  helping at a pop concert. You can't imagine how  fun  it was! You could do so many things because you received a  free pass  which allowed you to go where you wanted and  that  was what I  liked  about this experience.
I really enjoyed  serving  the drinks to the pop-stars. You could speak to them and you could see that a lot were very cool and the other ones were  still in the sky . And you heard the concerts too.
After the concert I had to clean the area and it took a long time because people  had behaved  like pigs. But I was chatting and laughing with other workers.
One more word! If you    have the chance to do it too, do it! It was a very positive experience. I didn't regret it and I want to do it again!
Write  to  me soon.
Love,
Dear Madame Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
I've just received your letter and I thank you very much indeed for that. I didn't expect to win the first prize in your competition .  I am very happy. It  has always been  my dream to spend two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. Now it's become a reality.
If I can choose the  time , I would like to travel only in July because in other months I have a lot of  things  to do.
 Regarding   accommodation  at Camp California, I would prefer to stay in  a   log cabin  because I think it is  safer  than    a tent.
I've  read  that I will have a chance to do two extra activities while I  am  at Camp.
I think it would be a good idea to practise my  photographic technique , because I'm not so good a photographer and I would like to learn  how to swim  as I can't do it. Taking part in these two activities would be very useful for me.
There is another thing I would  like to  know . What  kind of clothes  should  I bring with me? And how much money can I take with me?
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.  Yours  sincerely -
Shopping is not always enjoyable. This is true.
 A few  days ago my class had a big discussion about shopping.
 On that occasion  I hadn't the opportunity     to give  my opinion  (about*/on)  this task.
Now, my English teacher has asked me to  explain     what I think.
In my opinion,  nowadays , shopping is very easy and  at the same time  very hard.
It is very easy because there are a lot of things to buy, shops are  full  of every  kind  of  thing . You can  choose  the price  most suitable  for you. Choosing from a lot of things and choosing the prices too are very enjoyable for me.
Shopping is not enjoyable when you have not enough money to buy what you want, or when you are not sure about what you would like to buy.
I remember very well two people who thought very  differently  about shopping.
My grandmother thought that shopping was a terrible thing .  She   hadn't even enough money to buy the bread .
 Whereas, my mother  was very keen on shopping  for  everything.
13.06.2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
 Thank  you very much for your letter. I am happy that I won the first prize and I am looking forward to travelling to California.
You  had  some questions which I would like to answer now:
- Time of travelling:  because of  the vacations and school holidays in Germany I am only able to travel in July. Due to this fact I hope you can arrange it for me.
-  Accommodation :  a   log cabin  would be nice for me to stay in when I am in California. You  know  that we are not used to living in such high temperatures in Germany as  you have there  in California. I suppose I will have more fun if there is a cabin which is air conditioned. If there are only tents available at this time it will not be a problem for me  either .
- Activities:  during  my stay I would like to do swimming and surfing. I know it will be hot there and California is famous for its beaches. I am a good swimmer and hope to improve my swimming style, too.  On the other hand  I have no experience  (in*/of)  surfing   - I am an absolute beginner with high motivation.
- Additional question:  could  you tell me how much extra money is usually needed for a  two-week  camping  holiday ?
I am looking forward to getting further information from you.  Greetings  from Germany!
Yours sincerely
Bruno Aachen
"Shopping is not always enjoyable".
Before we can give our opinions on this  statement  we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing   .
'Shopping'  means  buying goods for your daily requirements, e.g. food, clothes. We do not speak here about  luxury  goods.
In this  context , shopping means a compulsory exercise you have to do regularly and frequently. It is not enjoyable if you look  (at*/on)  it as a duty. But if you realize how important     what you buy is for your health  you will go shopping with  a far greater   consciousness  and  more  joy than before. 'Shopping' could be annoying if you look  (at*/on)  it as a waste of time because you do it every day. Reorganize your  approach to  shopping and plan to keep food in stock! Try the  Internet  and use e-business and  online shopping  to order your pants for example.
This is even  a good  way to get around  the  unfriendly service you get to know if you have to buy something in a shop right before closing time. Choose your clothes at home  (after*/before)  you  order  them by e-mail! Another  way  to get a friendlier service is of course to go to another shop.
You have been presented  with  some  reasons  why shopping is not always enjoyable. There are ways of  making it more fun . It depends on every individual to change your mind and  behave   like  a 'smart' shopper.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am amazed  (with*/about)  the prize in your competition. I am looking forward to  going  to Camp California in the USA and I am writing to give you further information.
I would like to travel only in July because this is the only month that I am on holiday each year.
About accommodation, I would prefer to stay in  a   tent  because it will be a new experience for me. I like to  have  new experiences ,   especially  when I am on holiday.
I am  pleased  to have the opportunity to  do  sports as well. I am good at swimming and playing tennis.
I would like to know how much money I need to have to spend there and if I need to take with me my sports clothes. Will    Camp California provide the clothes for swimming and  playing  tennis?
If you need some more information let me know.
Yours sincerely
Rita Fernandez.
Shopping is not always enjoyable
In my opinion shopping is a very good  practice   that   gives  you more  opportunities  to enjoy yourself. I don't understand why men don't like shopping ,  at least they say that  they don't .
Despite the fact that  I  love shopping I have to agree that it is not "always" enjoyable. Sometimes you go out and you can't find something special or there are a lot of people there. It's  annoying .
You shouldn't go shopping when the  shops  are so busy because  it's  so  annoying . If you want to buy a Christmas present buy it some days before Christmas.
Another point is  that  now you don't need to go out    shopping. You can buy a lot of products  (by*/over)   the  Internet.
I believe if you choose the best way or the best day to go shopping you will love it.
In conclusion I think there  are  boring  times  and enjoyable  times  when you are shopping but for me there are more enjoyable than boring  times .
Dear Madam,
With regard to your letter, I would like to thank and congratulate you for making possible  an event as wonderful as your competition .
If it  is  possible  I'd  prefer to  spend  the two weeks mentioned in your letter during July. In August I'll be working, so    it will be impossible for me to enjoy my prize during  that  month.
About the  accommodation ,  from  the two  options , I choose  to sleep  in a tent, because I think that a log cabin isn't as authentic as a tent, at the camp.
My two activities chosen from the list are climbing and surfing. My skills in these activities  differ widely : while  regarding  climbing, this will be the first time I  have climbed  , regarding  surfing ,  learning won't be a problem because I have been doing it since I was ten years old.
 I  would be  grateful  if you could send me further information about details like how much money  or  what kind of clothes I'll have to take with me.
Yours sincerely
Gil Sanchez
Dear Kim,
Sorry for not having written  to  you in the last month. You know that I'm a little bit lazy, but the main reason for not  writing   to  you has been the  accumulation  of exams during this month.
Do you remember that I had to help  (in*/at)  a pop concert? Well the concert was Friday night and I went there with the Red Cross volunteers . Did  you know I'm one of them?
There I  was  impressed  (of*/by)  how a singer can cause such  hysteria  in    teenagers. During the  two-hour  concert we had to attend  to  thirty-six people   who became  unconscious  after being trapped in the first  row  by the other people. Can you imagine? Thirty-six people in two hours! If you have to help  (in*/at)  a concert  avoid it if you can.  It's the best thing you can do  in this case .
Well, I hope you won't be as lazy as me and you'll write soon.
Lots of love.
Gil Sanchez
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am glad to hear that I have won first prize, two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I would like to travel in July because I will have my  holiday  in July. I would rather stay in a log cabin than a tent. I think it would be more comfortable than a tent. I want to  attend  swimming and tennis courses. I have been swimming  (from*/since)   I   was  five years of age  and  until 1993  I   was  a member of  the  school team. I am good at  timing on swim . I am also good at playing tennis. I won a prize in a competition in 1999.
I would like to ask about    money. Is everything free? Do I need to bring money for anything extra?  And  also I would like to  know  about clothes. Do I need any special  clothes ? Will you provide  them ?  And do  I have to pay for clothes?
If you  could  reply  to  my letter  (until*/by)   the  28th of June  I'd  be  grateful     because I have to give information about my holiday dates to my company.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
- SHOPPING -
Who doesn't like shopping? Everybody likes  it  ,  from a child to an old lady in  her  sixties ,  but it is not always enjoyable.
When you get home tired after spending all your morning and afternoon    shopping  you want  to go to bed because you  spent the whole day just looking for a suit  and you couldn't find the perfect one.
The only thing is ,  we need to know what kind of thing    we want to buy and where  we can  buy cheaper and  better  quality stuff.
We have  a  few possibilities. We can look  in  a magazine or a  booklet  which  is delivered  with  the  newspaper weekly. We can order a free  catalogue  from big shops or companies monthly. We can also watch some special channels on the television. The easiest and latest way is    internet  shopping  . So  you don't need to see  long-faced   staff  in the shops. You won't wait in the  queue . You don't need to go out to buy something. You can order everything on the computer.
I think you won't be tired and bored  at   the  end of your shopping on the computer. Think about <NS type="M"></NS> that way for enjoyable shopping.
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter. I am glad to be informed that I have won first prize in your competition. I am now  writing  this letter to give you further information about myself  with pleasure .
Firstly, the date I would like to travel on would only be in July. Since I am a full-time student, I will not have finished my lessons until the end of June. In addition, I will be busy with my  course work  in August.
Regarding    the  accommodation , I would prefer to stay in tents because I think it will be closer to    nature. I am sure I will have a lot of fun and release myself from  the busy study  totally.
I am pretty good at painting. I have won several prizes in the competitions which were held by my college. On the other hand, I started to play tennis at the age of six. Tennis is my  favourite      sport . So I would like to  do  these two activities while I am at the Camp.
Lastly, I have some questions to ask you. Since I have never been to  the  U.S.A, I know nothing about it. Would you like to tell me how much  I  should  take  with me as pocket money and what  should  I wear at that time  of year ?
I will be grateful for your help. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes.
Yours  sincerely 
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Shopping   is becoming a popular way of killing time  nowadays . In some  people's  opinion, shopping and spending money is a kind of  amusement  and they can even get  satisfaction  from it.
However, more and more people are now asking, "Is shopping always so enjoyable?" In my view, the answer is, NO.
Firstly, since more and more people go shopping, shops are always so crowded, especially the popular ones. Try to imagine the  scene : twenty or thirty or even more people are  in  a  queue  outside the fitting room. Would you say that shopping is enjoyable? Would you be patient enough to wait for half an hour or more just because you  want to buy  a T-shirt?
Secondly, the cost is also a problem. It  is   a really  annoying thing when you are keen on something but you can't afford it. One of my  friends , Emma, happened to see a fantastic jacket which costs £105. Then she spent all her spare time doing part-time jobs to earn money. After a week, she had got enough money and rushed to that shop. But it was just not there! She felt really  bad  after that. So, would you still say that shopping is enjoyable?
More and more people find that there are a lot of nicer things they can do rather than shopping. Shopping is not always enjoyable. Sometimes it can be a waste of time. So, let's have a new  lifestyle  in this new generation!
Dear Ms Ryan Helen,
thank you for the information .  I am glad I've won first prize!
I would like to go in July  because  it's the only month I can choose. In July I'll be on my vacation. As for  accommodation  I  would  prefer to  stay  in tents. In my opinion it's the best way of joining nature and fully enjoying it. I'd be glad to choose painting and singing. And I'm good at both because I used to  go  to a painting studio when I was at school. I also used to  be in  the school choir and was one of the best sopranos. So I'd be happy to do the activities  (on*/for)  two reasons. First I am good enough at both of them. Secondly I truly love painting and singing.
I would like to know what the weather is like in California in July to  know  what clothes I should take. Another thing I am interested in is general information  (of*/on)  prices in the USA.
I would greatly appreciate your  prompt  answer.
Yours sincerely
E. Sidorov.
I enjoy shopping like any woman. It is amazing and sometimes  amusing  how charming and strong the spell of luxurious supermarkets and cosy little shops is. And still even this strong spell can be easily shattered. Who can prevent me from having a good,  though  probably not for my purse, time in the magic world of shopping? The assistant of evil power which frustrates the long-looked-forward-to spell is a shop assistant. Or I would rather say he or she    might happen to be such. It's all very nice to be met by a helpful assistant with a radiant smile, ready to help you. But sometimes I really get annoyed at his or her, persistent in nature and polite in structure, questions or suggestions. To say nothing about his or her giving advice! I always make my own decisions! Like any human being I am not delighted to feel guilty, especially when I am not. But I do feel ill at ease when I see  disappointed  or angry assistants' faces on leaving the magic world without any  souvenirs  of it!
DEAR MRS RYAN,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR YOUR LETTER YOU SENT ME LAST WEEK. I'M VERY PROUD TO BE THE WINNER OF YOUR COMPETITION! I HAVE NEVER BEEN  (IN*/TO)  SUCH A CAMP BEFORE AND SO I'M LOOKING  FORWARD  TO SPENDING TWO WEEKS THERE. HERE  IS  THE INFORMATION YOU ASKED FOR:
IT IS ONLY POSSIBLE FOR ME TO TRAVEL IN JULY BECAUSE OF MY  IRREGULAR  WORK.  JULY IS THE  LOW SEASON AND IT WILL BE EASIER TO GO  ON HOLIDAY THEN . FURTHER I WOULD PREFER  A   TENT . I  WAS   (IN*/AT)  A  SPORTS  CAMP LAST YEAR AND IT WAS  FUN  TO SLEEP IN TENTS.
FROM THE ACTIVITIES I CHOOSE TENNIS AND SURFING. I  HAVE PLAYED  TENNIS IN A  CHAMPIONSHIP  FOR FIVE YEARS BUT SURFING I HAVE NEVER DONE BEFORE.
 DO  WE NEED SOME SPECIAL  SPORTS  CLOTHES FOR  THESE  TWO ACTIVITIES? AND  AM I  ALLOWED TO BRING MY DOG WITH  ME ? HE'S A  SMALL  ONE!
I'M LOOKING  FORWARD  TO HEARING FROM YOU
YOURS SINCERELY
ESTELLE BRAUER
DEAR KIM,
YOU KNOW THAT I ALWAYS WANTED TO HELP AT A CONCERT. TO BE  PART OF THE  STAFF    WOULD BE WONDERFUL, I  THOUGHT . AND I WAS RIGHT! BUT NOW FROM THE BEGINNING:
AS YOU KNOW I WROTE TO THAT ORGANISATION  WHICH  IS ALWAYS  RESPONSIBLE  FOR BIG EVENTS. ONE WEEK LATER THEY INVITED ME TO A POP CONCERT WHICH TOOK PLACE IN ZURICH LAST MONTH.
WHEN I ARRIVED WE FIRST HAD A MEETING. ALL  (FROM*/OF)  THE STAFF    AND THE ORGANISATION  SPOKE  ABOUT THE RULES AND HOW TO SAVE PEOPLE. AFTER THE MEETING  WE ALL RECEIVED  THE SAME CLOTHES. WE WERE A  GROUP ! ONE TEAM! BEFORE THE CONCERT WE HAD A BREAK TO EAT SOMETHING AND TO TALK TO EACH OTHER. IT WAS INTERESTING TO SEE THAT ALL PEOPLE HAVE  DIFFERENT  HOBBIES AND  JOBS .
THE CONCERT WAS  VERY  LOUD AND LONG BUT WE DIDN'T HAVE TO WORK HARD. I WAS HAPPY THAT THERE WAS NO DANGER FOR THE PEOPLE DURING THE CONCERT. AFTER A NICE CONCERT WE HAD TO CLEAN EVERYTHING AND I WAS HAPPY WHEN I ARRIVED AT HOME EARLY IN THE MORNING..!
  GREETINGS   AND HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON
Estelle
Dear  Madam ,
I have just received your letter which  informs  me that I have won two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
In this letter you ask me  for  some further information  for my  convenience  for this trip . Firstly, I can take my holiday only  in  the  first two   weeks  of  July  because of my work.
Secondly, I would prefer  to sleep  in a tent. I  go   camping every year  in the countryside of France. The activities that I have chosen are sailing and climbing. I have never sailed but I am a  good  swimmer. Last summer I took a  climbing course for one week in Switzerland  so I  know a lot about  this sport.
Finally could you please tell me  what  kind of clothes  should  I take with me and if the camping  equipment   is  provided ?  I  was  also wondering    how much money I need and if there is a safe place where I can put my money and passport.
I look forward to  hearing  from you soon and if you could send me a brochure of this holiday I would be grateful.
Yours sincerely
Laura Demoriane
Shopping is not always enjoyable
A lot of people like shopping and everybody goes on  Saturday  because    lots of people    don't go to work  then  and  it  is the only day off  (of*/for)  the majority of people. If you don't get up  early enough  you can't find a parking  space  in the town centre .  All  of them are full  (before*/by)  11 am.  The  street is so crowded that you can't walk like  you usually do  and if you go with some friends you can be sure that you will  lose  them.
 In the shops is worth , if you are lucky and you find  some  clothes  which are the  right size you will wait 20  minutes  at the fitting room and after that 20  minutes  more at the cash desk. In the supermarket  it  is the same. When you buy food or drink they give you  a  plastic bag     to carry  it  in  and  these  bags  break  every time.
At the end of the month when your husband will receive the bill  your visa card bill  he will have  a   heart attack !
Why not  shop   over   the   Internet  or if you have a nice mother at home  enjoy this time  because shopping is like  going   (in*/into)  the jungle.
Dear Mr Ryan
I have just received your letter and I am really delighted and thrilled to win the first prize in your competition.
For the trip to California, I can only go in July, I am afraid, because my English course finishes in June and it starts again in August.
In your letter you mentioned that I could choose between sleeping in tents or  a  log cabin, and I would like to sleep in a log cabin please.  This is because  last time I was in a tent, I found it really uncomfortable and when it rained in the night I couldn't  get  to sleep because of the sound of water hitting the tent.
I would like to take part in surfing and swimming please. Although I have never done surfing before, I am a quite advanced swimmer.
Finally I would like to ask some questions. What is the weather like over there and what should I wear? How much money would I need? How big is the camp?
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours  sincerely 
Shopping can be very exciting and fun. The feeling of buying new things is wonderful. But it might not be the same  every time .
We all go shopping, maybe not every day, but certainly at least once a week. Shopping is very important because it's the only way to get things. For example, food. You will not be able to survive without food. So buying  necessary things  is fine I think. But buying things that  you  do not need or you have not planned to might make you feel good at the time, but days or weeks later when you realise you did not need to spend money on them, you might regret buying them. For example you did not plan to buy any crisps, but they are at half price and you buy them without thinking. But  afterwards  you never eat them and just bin them.
I think buying things needed and planned could be enjoyable but buying things you don't need or unplanned, might make you feel sad after  some time .
 Dear  Mrs Ryan
When I received your letter, I was very surprised and happy because I don't remember     entering  this competition.
First I can travel only in July because   I will finish school at the end of June and I will  sit  my exam in  September ; so I have to  revise   for  it a lot during the month of August.
To answer your second question, I choose  to sleep  in  a   tent  because I like to sleep outside.
For the activities, I choose the  golf  and the  surfing  ( it  wasn't easy to decide which activities I will do,  because  almost  every  choice interested me) . 
I  have tried     golf twice .   I'm really bad but I hope to  make  much progress  quickly .
I  have never tried  surfing, but every time I see surfing on television I find  it   magical .
I have just two questions.
Can I wash any clothes there?
How  much  money will I have to take with me?
Please phone me to answer my two questions.
Thanks for  everything 
Mar
Hello Kim
I'm sorry I can only write now because last week I  had  too much work.
As you asked me I will tell you about the pop concert    last month.
With my friend Miko  I  looked for  a little weekend job  and one evening we met a guy who wanted to  sell     drinks  (in*/at)  the pop concert and so we told him that we  agreed  to help him at the bar.
It was a wonderful  weekend : we were opposite    the singers and we  saw  every concert without buying any tickets   ! ( We  were  part   (in*/of)  the staff of the concert . )
At the end we  had  1200    (of*/in)   profit  and each  of  us  took  400   for himself
I  particularly   liked  seeing all  those  people, and I  met  a lot of new  friends  there.
For next year we  are searching  for a new barwoman.
Write to me soon and tell me if you want to join us for 2001.
Love Mar
Dear Miss/Mrs. Ryan,
I have just received the excellent news about the prize I have won and I am writing to you in order to give you all the details you need.
Firstly, I can only travel in July, as it is then  that  I  am   on  holiday from my present job.
Secondly, I would rather stay in a tent, because when I was a child I used to go to a campsite and stay in a tent with my family for two weeks every summer and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
About the activities I can choose from, I would be delighted if I could sing, because it is something that I have always loved and, although perhaps I should not say  it  myself, I think I have a nice voice.
I am also very fond of photography, so when I  saw  that it is among your options it  was  a wonderful surprise.
Finally, I would like to ask you  what  kind of clothes are more suitable for that time of the year at the camp, the amount of money that ,  more or less ,  I would need to bring with me and if there is any cooking equipment to cook the meals ourselves.
I am looking forward to receiving your prompt reply.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Thanks very much for your last letter. Because I could see how anxious you are to know about my experience at the Radiohead concert last month, I'll tell you something: it was fantastic.
I friend of mine had been helping at a few concerts before, so that time the agency rang him and asked him if he could bring someone else, because they'd run out of  staff . He asked    me to go and when he told me the group was Radiohead I felt  like  the luckiest person in the world (you know I've always been an enthusiastic fan of them, so you can imagine how excited I was). I couldn't wait for it.
When we arrived there we had to prepare the stage, clean everything and put a number on each seat.
But the most amazing thing happened later, when ,  ten minutes before the concert began, my friend told me we could see it from  backstage . For a while I thought it was a dream. The  music  was excellent, the  audience  enjoyed it very much but, above all, I was there,    ten metres from my favourite group. I even got a few friendly words from the singer  (in*/on)  a piece of paper: I hope you've enjoyed it. And his signature. I'll always  treasure it .
I'll show you the photographs I took next time you come to visit me,  OK ? Till then, take care  of  yourself.
Love,
Dear Helen Ryan , 
I'm very pleased to  hear  from you, and I'm glad I've got this chance to go to the Camp California in the U.S.A. for two weeks.
Firstly ,  I must say that I'll be able to have two weeks free only in July, since I  have started  work and  am   entitled  to have a holiday only in July.
Secondly, I'd prefer to  stay     in one of the log cabins, as they are more comfortable, usually have central heating and other necessary facilities.
Despite my  appreciation  of all kinds of sports and activities,  I've chosen  my favourite ones, which are swimming and tennis. As I was a champion  (of*/in)   a  swimming competition in Russia in 1997, I'd like to continue to  practise  my skills. Also I like to play tennis, which is  a  beautiful "game" itself and good for  the  figure.
 Finally  ,  I would like to ask if I need to take some money with me and how much .  What kind of clothes will I need in the U.S.A. in July? Probably summer clothes mostly?
 Yours  sincerely,
Hope to hear from you soon.
"Is shopping always enjoyable for you or not" - my English teacher has asked me  (on*/in)  the class discussion about shopping.
Sincerely, I must admit   that I don't like shopping in supermarkets and big stores. There are always too many people there. As I'm not keen  (of*/on)  being a part of the crowd, I prefer a calm atmosphere in more isolated small shops. Furthermore, it takes too long to find something you need in unfamiliar stores.
Despite  the fact that  I like to go to nice clothes shops I usually return home with nothing in my hands, as prices are usually  too  high, unfortunately ,   and out of my price range .
Sometimes I go to the local market, but not on my own. I ask my husband or mother to come with me, as I had  a  bad experience in the past, when my bag with all my money was stolen.
Another thing I dislike about shopping is some annoying shop  assistants     try to  sell  any  product  to the "victim"  coming through  the door. Otherwise shopping is not so bad, as you get what you want in the end.
Dear Helen Ryan:
My name is Julia Sanches and I have won first prize in your competition. I am now writing to tell you the information you have asked  for  about me:
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because I will be on my school vacation, so I would not miss my classes.
About the activities, I would like to do Basketball and Surfing. I play Basketball at school twice a week and I enjoy it. Although I do not play perfectly, I play quite well, but I would still like to  practise . I go to the beach almost every weekend to improve my surfing - it is the sport I like best - and I think it would be a nice  opportunity  to  practise  surfing too.
There are some things I would like to ask  about : the  type  (and quantity) of Clothes I will have to take,  and  if it is necessary to take some money  or  any additional stuff (like  raincoats ). Well, that  is  all. I look forward to receiving your letter.
Yours sincerely,
Julia Sanches
IS EVIL INTERESTING?
Since we  were  kids people  have told  us stories  (with*/about)  two sides in  conflict : the good and the bad side. The good always  win , and we are told that the other part is bad, and that is the end of the story. But isn't evil interesting?
 (On*/In)  the tale "It's a good life", the author gives much more emphasis to    Witte Anthony than to anyone else in the story. He is the main character, although he is mean, cruel and  uningative . He controls the other people using the power of his mind.
Although the other people  (on*/in)  the story are the good ones and suffer  (with*/from)  his domination, they are quite poor and empty, not interesting and not well described, meanwhile Anthony is a very interesting and different person, and all his thoughts are told  to  us by the author.
In conclusion, even though we know that this character is good and this one is bad, sometimes the good ones are quite boring, and we find the bad  ones  much more interesting.
Dear Sir/Madam,
I received your letter this morning and I was very  surprised   by  it. It was  an  absolutely fantastic prize.
I am  writing   to  you about your questions. First, I can come there only  in  July because of my examination, I have to take it in June, and my new  term  will also start in September. I would like to stay  (at*/in)   log  cabins because I have stayed  (at*/in)  tents many times in my childhood. The most exciting offer is your activities. I have been interested in Painting but I have not had a chance ,  so I would like to do it, and I would like to do climbing. My  grandfather  used to do it when he was a student. After he  got  a job, he became busy. However, he retired  from  his job last year so he has had his own time. If I know how to climb, I will enjoy it with my  grandfather .
I would like to ask about my clothes and money. How much do I need to bring   ?
 I wish I could see you soon. 
 Yours  faithfully,
Dear Kim,
How are you? You want to know about my experience at a pop concert, don't you? It was so exciting!
My main  work  was  to take  people to their  seats  because of a concert hall, which was the  millennium   dome .
Do you know it? It's the hottest place in England. Most of  the  people were  first time to come there , so  they were  lost. I had also never been there before. It's a huge building. I also sold a  pamphlet  of that concert, CD and T-shirts.
The most exciting experience was that I could  meet  a lot of people. I told you before  Elton John performed at that concert , so there were a lot of  famous  people. When I saw Jullia Roberts, I was  shocked . She was  absolutely  beautiful. I have never seen that kind of long legs in my life!
Did you enjoy my letter? I can't explain  to  you very well. Anyway, it was a wonderful time.
lots of love,
Dear Sir/Madam
I  was  glad to hear from you recently and I really appreciate your invitation to California.
I would like to tell you about my preference.
To start with ,  I would rather stay in a log cabin because two weeks might be too long to stay in a tent and a log cabin would be more convenient for me.
When it comes to activities, I would like to try climbing and surfing. I started surfing when I was 12. So I am quite confident  (with*/at)  this. Although I had a few experiences of climbing, my everyday training at gym  would retrieve my concerning . In addition to these reasons, both activities are popular ,  especially in California.
And I also have to ask you what kinds of clothes will be suitable there. Or approximately how much money would be enough to buy  souvenirs  because this will be  the  first time for me  visiting   California .
 Finally , I must choose  travelling  there in July because I am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work.
Thank you very much for your time and I am looking forward to visiting there.
Yours Faithfully,
Needless to say, shopping can cause you a waste of time and money. However ,  some people might be opposed to this general understanding because they believe that they can find shopping enjoyable. Those who love shopping    usually suffer from serious stress and may seek out satisfaction by shopping.
However, things which you can get  (by*/with)  money  do not  necessarily  fill  your  dissatisfaction  or even as you buy something more and more, your emptiness might be  greater .
And shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your  partners . What you want is often different from what your friend wants. Unless either you or your partner is really tolerant, shopping could result in another stress. So it is advisable not to make a friend whose hobby is shopping.
In addition to these, everyone has regretted buying unnecessary things and those things would remind you  what   a  silly decision you had  made  at  that  moment.
On the whole, shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you  might  be  extravagant , lose your friends and have what you don't need.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to answer all the questions that you  asked  me in your last letter.
First of all, I wanted to thank you for giving me the first prize in your competition. It is very important for me, because I  have  always wanted to travel to the U.S.A.
I would be able to travel only in July because it is the only month when I don't have to go to school.
I would prefer to stay in a tent because ,  as I  have  never slept in a tent, it would be a new experience for me.
The two activities that I choose are: basketball and climbing. I am a very good basketball player because I have been playing basketball since I was six years old.  On the other hand , I have never climbed a mountain but I always wanted to do it.
I wondered  what  kind of clothes I should take to the camp and I wanted to know how much money I should take.
I look forward to knowing the  dates  of the camp.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Thank you for your last letter. It was very interesting and I enjoyed reading it.
As you know, I enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month. It was a very good experience and I am going to tell you all about it.
First of all, I had to sell tickets for the concert in the street. As I sold all the tickets that the organisers gave me, I won a prize of ten pounds. Don't ask me how the concert was! Because during the concert I was working in the kitchen of the stadium bar, preparing sandwiches. I am angry because I couldn't watch the artists performing their songs.
When the concert was finished, some friends and I went for a drink.
It was a very important experience for me because I learnt all about the organisation of a pop concert.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours,
Dear Helen,
I have just received the letter from you. I would like to  thank   you  for  choosing  me.
 (On*/In)  the letter  you   ask  when I would like to go .  The most suitable month is July , because  my pen friend is going to visit me  (on*/in)  June. Also I  prefer the Camp California  because I have just  finished  my military service and I got  used  to  staying   (in*/on)  the  camp .
 There   are  two activities. I am good  (in*/at)  Basketball and  tennis . I  played  Basketball  (in*/at)     university.  (During*/At)     university I  attended   tennis lessons for two years .  Finally  I would like to ask you  if  I need to  bring  money and clothes with me.
I look forward to  hearing  from you!
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
Last month I had a great time in Derby. I went with Big Brothers , which is  the name of the band.
As I told you two  months  ago ,  I saw the  advertisement  in the  newspaper . This group was looking for  a  Manager. I went for  the  interview and I got the job. They did not  know  each  other . They just  met  each  other  a month ago.
 Just  before the  concert  I had to  check   that   everyone  was present. Also I had to look for  a   dry  place in case it was raining. I really liked  that . I had to run all the  time . This was my job and I  liked  what I  was  doing. The  concert  was  brilliant .
I am looking  forward  to  hearing  the  news   (from*/about)   your  group.  I wish you all the best !
With Love
June, 13th 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am writing in response to your letter which said that I won the first prize in the competition.
As I didn't expect to be successful, I am very happy about this result.
I would now like to  provide  the information you requested. Firstly, I would be pleased if I could travel in July as I already booked this month as a holiday at work.
   I would prefer to stay in a tent since I have never had the exciting experience  of   sleeping   close to     nature.
I am especially glad about the activities  offered , in particular the sports facilities because I  specialised  in sport for my A-levels and intend to become a  sports  teacher.
I have been playing  basketball  for many years but I would appreciate  improving  my skills, in particular  my   ball handling .
Furthermore I am really keen on swimming and can therefore hardly  wait   to have  the  opportunity  to learn the butterfly as a new style since I am already perfect  (in*/at)   the  crawl.
I know I have already asked a lot but there is one more thing I need to know .  What  kind of clothes will be appropriate and how much money will I  need approximately ?
I trust I mentioned all the requested details and am now looking forward to hearing from you to arrange the exact date of departure.
Yours sincerely,
June, 13th 2000
Dear Kim,
 How  are you doing? Thanks for your latest letter - I was really happy about your news!
Here, everything is as usual:  school , studying, eating, sleeping - but did I tell you about my latest job?
I helped at a  new group's pop concert  and you can't imagine how exciting it was!
First of all, I helped selling tickets and drinks and there I realized how bad my maths is - I took such a long time to give back the change! But  in the end  I handled it almost automatically. Before the performance I  led  the spectators to their seats and then  an  instructor showed me how  to lead  the spotlights. I really had butterflies in my stomach when I was responsible for the  lighting ! It was marvellous!
But the cherry on the cake was that I met one of the handsome singers  backstage ! He asked me what I was doing and so on and finally invited me  (for*/to)  his next concert! Of course I agreed - I wouldn't want to miss the chance to gain experience while having fun! Perhaps I could help regularly in the  lighting  area - it would help me  (for*/with)  my  photography studies . What do you reckon?
I can hardly  wait for  your reply!
 Lots  of Love,
Dear Sir,
Thank you for your letter and for having  informed  me about the results of the competition. I also want to congratulate you  (for*/on)  your  excellent  competition,  thanks  to which I have the opportunity to go to California, a place that I always wanted to go  to .
About the  trip , I think it would be preferable to do it  (on*/in)  July, which is a holiday  period  and so I won't have any  special  obligations. While in California I would prefer to sleep in a tent, so I can  be  closer to    nature. Anyway the accommodation is not a big problem for me, because I will be away most of the time.  Spending  a lot of time in the same place in my opinion is the  worst  thing to do,  especially  during a  holiday ! Moreover  I  would like  it  if it is possible to have an opportunity to play tennis and basketball. Any little  tournaments  of this kind would be  great .
Before ending my letter I would like to know     in particular     what kind of clothes    I have to take with me and also if you could change some money of mine  (in*/into)   dollars .
I look forward to hearing from you . 
Yours faithfully
Dear Kim,
As you know last month I went to help at a concert, the one that I told you  about  in my last letter. I wanted to go  there very much  and so  going  there     to help  was for me a unique  opportunity . Moreover instead of  buying  a ticket I  went  there for free, as a helper.
From the first  moment  that  I   got  there I understood that I was going to have a great night. OK ,  in the beginning the other helpers and I had a lot of work to do,  such  as cleaning the stage and    some decoration work. But  when  the  concert  started and we finished what we had to do, we were free to do  whatever  we wanted. So the party started... The pop concert was  excellent  and I had a lot of fun. Don't ask the time  when  I  came  home because I don't remember! Some of my friends who were also helping told me that we returned at six o'clock in the morning! It was really an unforgettable experience.
Best  wishes 
Giannis
Dear Helen Ryan
My name is Steven.  I was  very  surprised  when I  got  the letter from you  and  heard that I have  won  the  prize   to go  on a camp  in  California in the U.S.A. for one week.
And you need some  information  from me. About when would I like to go ,  I think I  would  love  to go   (on*/in)  July , because   it  is  a  good time for camping and the weather is lovely at this time of the year.
And the most important reason is because  I  am still a student. And I study at London International School. So July is my end of year holiday. So I  would  be happy to go  (on*/in)   July . And about the accommodation at camp ,  I  would  like to  stay  in  a  tent because it  has  more  of a  feeling  (about*/of)   the  adventure that's  called  camping. And in the letter that you  sent  to me  you  also  want  me to choose two activities to do while I  am  at the camp. So I will choose two activities that I  am  good at and not good at. The first one is the one that I  am  good at  and it  is Basketball. I  usually   play  basketball at school and play for  the  school team. And the second  activity  is the one that I  am  not good at  and  I  have never tried     before is surfing. I  would  love to try surfing because it is a very  interesting  sport and  uses  a lot of power and  energy  so now is the end of the letter. And I want to know more about the money . Can  you give me more  information  about the money that I need to bring  with  me ? 
Thank you for  everything 
 Yours  sincerely
Frank Steven.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Now let's start  with  shopping at  the  Beverley  Centre .  The  Beverley  Centre  area is the place that the  teenagers  like to go shopping  at  the most. But some  teenagers  like to go to  Bolton Market . Because  everyone    has  different thinking like  Beverley Centre   if you  go  there every day or every week for    shopping you  will  get very  bored  because  sometimes   there   are   too   many  people  everywhere  ,  like in the  restaurants  and shops.  It   makes  you feel  you  want to go home. And about the traffic ,   sometimes  it makes you feel  you  don't want to go out because of the traffic. And if you never  know money or you have less money  shopping is not enjoyable for you  I am   sure . And shopping in the market is one  thing  that  I  am not going to do , because  all the  smells  in the market  are   awful   -   there  is the smell of the meat and  dirty  water ,  black and  smelly  water ,  all over the  market street .  I think of it it's make my shopping enjoyable . And that's why  sometimes  shopping is enjoyable , because   of  the place and people.
14th June 2000
Dear Miss Ryan,
I am really pleased to be the winner of your competition and I cannot help thinking about the two weeks in the USA.
First of all, I would like to travel only in June ,  given that my wife will come with me ;  her  holidays  are only in June.
Concerning accommodation at Camp California, would it be possible to  stay  in  a   log cabin ?  My  wife is afraid of sleeping in tents.
   I  play   basketball  in a famous French  club  ;   that  is the reason why I would like to choose the  basketball . If I had to  choose   another  activity, I think I would do  photography . In fact, this activity seems to be very  interesting . Unfortunately, I have never  tried  but I feel  like   trying   it .
Finally, I would  like  to ask you whether we  have  to bring  any  money .  Life is so expensive there! Furthermore, what sort of clothes must we have for the different activities?
I hope my answers will satisfy you. I thank you again.
Yours sincerely
Tom Turner
After having thought about this video and asked  various  people so as to know what they suggested, I reached the following conclusions: we must film the lessons which are the most important and the activities which take  up  a great part  (in*/of)  a day at school; this being in three parts.
the morning
That is why I propose to start our film with the beginning of the day, when all  the  students come  (in*/into)   the   classroom . Then, we should film the English class so as to show who  made  the film. Furthermore, as  mathematics   is  the main lesson in the morning, we ought to film  at  a time  when  we are in  the   maths class. 
the lunch
After that  we  could  go   to     lunch ,  which takes two hours per day. The  best   thing  to do would be to  show  the cooking  personnel   because  they are very nice.
the afternoon
We could begin the afternoon with    sport, showing the different  places  with  their  surroundings ( near the wild ): it would give a good impression. I advise  finishing  with a  chemistry lesson  so that people see the  laboratory . Before that, I would have  shown  the break at 3 o'clock ,  which is important for us.
Dear  Mrs  RYAN
I am writing to inquire whether  it  is possible to have more details about travel and to give my preferences  regarding  travel. Indeed I would rather  travel  only  (on*/in)  July since I'm going to work in  August  in order to earn money to pay  for  my studies next year.
Moreover I would prefer  to stay  in  a   log cabin  because I can't put up with mosquitos and other insects which     come  into tents.
   I've chosen two activities from the list:  tennis   ( as I  do  this sport regularly and I'm very good  (in*/at)  this activity )  and  golf  because I  don't know   anything  about this sport and I wish        to find out about  it   .
   I would  like  some details about the kind of clothes that I should  take  with me and how much money to take . 
 Don't  hesitate to contact me in order to have further information.
I hope  to hear from you soon 
Yours sincerely
Dear readers
As you  already know , your English class is going to make a short video about daily life at your school .  That's  why I'm writing a report suggesting which   lessons and other activities   should be filmed.
First of all,  it  seems obvious that we should, at least once, film a lesson with our English teacher who  had  the idea to make this short video.
 Also  I would suggest filming    lunch  (to*/in)  the restaurant at twelve o'clock in order that people are aware of the high level of  noise  inside the restaurant because of  the   babbling .
At the end,  in my opinion ,  it  would be interesting to film a  sports lesson  in order that our parents realise that we improve our  bodies'  abilities, and not only our  mental  abilities at school.
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I  am   writing   in  reply  (of*/to)  your letter .  I am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
About the information that you need, I must tell you that I will be able to travel only in July  because  I  have  got a new job and I can't ask for more than one month  of  holidays each year and  (on*/in)  the other months I will be very busy  because  my workmates will take holidays  (on*/in)  these months.
 Regarding  the  accommodation , I would  prefer   a   tent   because  it is more  appropriate   (with*/to)  a camp. And  regarding  the activities ,  I must  choose  Photography and Painting  because  I am not very good  (for*/at)  sports and I think I  do  well  (in*/at)  these things.
Finally I just  want   to ask  you  what  kind of clothes    I have to bring with me, and  approximately   how  much money do you think I will need ?  Thank you very much for everything.
 Yours  Sincerely
Juanita Fabiola Martin
31 Sea old State
Valles Co. Cornel
Wales
13th June, 2000
Dear Kim,
Here I am,  writing   to  you to tell  you  everything about my wonderful experience at the concert. You can't imagine  how  much    I  enjoyed  that  journey .
I started early in the morning ,  helping to carry    stuff from the trucks to the place where the band played .  I  helped  with the  musical  stuff like speakers, mics, lights, sound  equipment , etc. And later the band arrived and played two or three times before the concert started. And I  helped  them  fix  the last details.
When the concert started ,  I was preparing some drinks for the band because  after the concert  they  would be  very tired and  thirsty .
After the concert I only  helped     tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean. Later the band was talking to me, I could get their new album free, and some other souvenirs from the band.
But the thing that  I particularly liked  was that I could do all  kinds  of things just in one day and I could feel different emotions.
So, that's everything that I can tell you .  I  enjoyed   it  a lot and I hope to have another experience like this.
Dear Madam,
I am very happy to have won first prize in your competition and want to thank you for that very interesting competition.
I am only available in July because I am studying  (in*/at)  an engineering school and I'll work until the end of June. But no problem for July!
You asked me which  type of  accommodation I would prefer between  a  tent and  a  log cabin. I am used to  spending  summer  holidays  in  a  tent and I like it, but why not try  a  log cabin? But it doesn't matter if there is no log cabin available... Now let's speak about the most interesting activity: sport. I would be very pleased if I could  do  tennis and surfing. In fact, I  soon   play  tennis and I am  quite  good at  it , and it will  be   an   opportunity  to train    .  Surfing  is completely  new   (for*/to)  me and I hope that I will like it. But if I don't try it I will never know if I like it or not!
Finally, I  want  to know if I need  any  money and how  much , and if there is a  dry cleaners .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully
Anis LACOSTE
We  all know  what shopping is. Sometimes it is necessary and sometimes not and overall it is not always enjoyable.
When you  go  to the supermarket because you want a particular thing and have driven a long time only for that, you look for it but  it's not there anymore  , you  think that shopping is not enjoyable at all.
Sometimes it is necessary but you spend four or five hours in the supermarket because there  are  too  many  people. You don't like shopping but you must go shopping to eat!
But sometimes you go shopping for pleasure and you have  all your time  ( the girls know what it is ).  Finally , when it's for pleasure shopping is enjoyable, but most of  the  time it isn't enjoyable!
To conclude, if you don't want to go to the supermarket to spend four hours there, send your girlfriend and it will be more enjoyable!
Dear Miss Hellen Ryan:
I am really happy to get such wonderful news from you. In order to  claim  the prize, I would like to travel, if it is possible,  (on*/in)  July because I am a student and my  summer   break  is    during  that  month, July.
I would  prefer  to stay in a cabin because I have not  really had  good experiences  (in*/of)  camping in tents . Last  time a bear came inside while I was in  the tent . I love sports so I would like to play some basketball at the camp . By  the way ,  my team and I won the last  school  championship .  I play guard on my team .  I also like tennis but I am not very good .  I was wondering if you could give me some  lessons  while I am there.
I do not have words to express how happy I am .  I would like to  thank  you and Camp California for this  opportunity . Hoping to hear  from you soon .
Raul Pedro Ybarra S
Since    man  became  man he has     needed      to hunt      to survive  . In  ancient times he used spears, bows and arrows, and the  woman's  role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff.
Nowadays ,  in the year 2000 we still  practise  this ancient art but in a  different  way, we don't use weapons for hunting  animals  in the jungle, we use the remote to hunt TV shows, and we do not collect vegetables any more ,  we go shopping.
This activity of shopping has become one of our most important, after all, we go shopping for any reason, we have  developed  such an  instinct  for shopping that we can proudly say   that we are some sort of kings  (in*/of)  the urban jungle.
If an activity has  stayed  with us,    mankind, for so long, it must give us some pleasure and maybe that's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price  marked  on it, that is the greatest  of   ecstasies .
But where is the bad  part  of it ? Well  shopping can became horrible  (in*/at)   Christmas  for example ,  when  hundreds  of people  go  to the shopping  centre  and it also can  cause  many problems when you become an impulsive buyer.
 Anyway  shopping is with us and it will stay with us for a long time.
Dear Miss Ryan,
I'm writing to you as regards the letter you've sent me about the competition I've won.
I've never been to the U.S.A. before so I think it'll be an exciting trip. With regard to the date of the trip, July would be best because in June I'm going to visit my family in Mexico and in August school begins.
I've never been camping before, I guess I'm not an outdoor girl, but I'd like to give it a try, so I'd rather tents than cabins.
I'm really keen on sports, especially sailing. I've  been  sailing since an early age and I  manage the rigging and sail perfectly . I'm also fond of tennis, I've just started my lessons and would like to continue  playing  during the summer. So, I think I'll do sailing and tennis.
I'm not really sure  (of*/about)  what kind of clothes to take . Could  you please write to me specifying what would be suitable? I'd appreciate it a lot.
Sincerely,
Diana Delgado
Shopping is not always enjoyable
I'm a shopaholic, but I have to admit shopping is not always enjoyable. For instance, I spent my Spring Break with my friends in Italy . We  went there to buy our dresses for our boyfriends' graduation (besides other reasons). They had invited us and we wanted them to see us  looking  stunningly beautiful.
While we were in Florence my wallet was stolen, probably by a  gypsy . I was so annoyed! I was in the Plaza Espagna in Florence without a penny! My friends lent me some money, but it wasn't more than 120 pounds. I had to buy my dress,  its   accessories  and  also  clothes and souvenirs! I couldn't really do much, so I used the money I had and bought an incredible pair of shoes and some souvenirs. I felt really bad seeing my friends buy the latest fashion while the only thing I could do was tell them how great their clothes were and of course window-shop.
Dear Helen Ryan,
 I  was grateful for your message. I can gladly give you some information which you need.
I would be able to travel only in July because I have a job at the moment, but it will be my vacation in July. I would prefer to be in tents, so that I  can  enjoy a  natural  life more than being  in  log cabins. Moreover, it would be more exciting for me.
It could be nice     to do  two activities while I am at the Camp. I am interested in sports.  In particular , I am  brilliant  at swimming. I have  swum  since I was in primary school. I would like to learn  to play  golf at the Camp. I have never played golf in my life. Is it possible to learn  to play  golf, although I am not good at golf?
Would you mind giving some  answers   about  whether I need some clothes and money at the Camp?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
I'm sorry that I haven't written to you for a long time. It was nice you wanted to hear about my experience, and I know you're looking for a job  which I did .
It was a wonderful  opportunity  for me. As you know, I love music. Before the concert started, I cleaned the stage for  the  singers and I gave some drinks to  the  singers. Finally, I cleaned the stage again. My  work   was  for  the  singers, so I could meet singers and talk  with them .
Do you know "Radio Head"? It is my favourite group. I was able to have some  autographs   (of*/from)  them. It's brilliant, isn't it?
 In particular , I liked cleaning the stage, because I could stand  on  a  famous  singer's stage and I could feel his enthusiasm, even though I had to clean it.
I want to hear about your school life, and your part-time job.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes,
Dear Sir,
I am writing to you because I  received  your letter concerning the prize of two weeks in California that I have won.
I would like to travel  in  the first two weeks of July because in June I will be working and at the end of July I am  planning  to go to Paris to attend a  French course .
I would prefer to be  put up  in  a   tent  because I love camping but  also I don't mind  the second possibility.
In your letter you wrote that I will  have  the chance to do two activities;  first  of all I would like to play tennis because I have been  playing  for seven years .  Secondly  I would like to attend a  surfing course  but I have just some elementary knowledge.
I would like also to have more information about the cost and  what  kind of clothes you suggest  I should   bring  with me.
I am looking forward  to  your reply
 Yours  faithfully
First of all I would like to say that I think it is important  in this video to concentrate   on   a  few    interesting  parts  of our daily life at school
 It will be interesting  to show how the lessons are  organized ,  showing  that we are never doing just one  activity  during the class. We should speak about our library ,  that it is well furnished  (of*/with)   many  books,  tapes  and  videos .
After that we have to make sure that we explain  about  the relationship  between  teachers and students, showing the     times  that we have been out together.
In addition I think  that   some personal opinions about the school should be reported   by  asking students and teachers.
 Finally  we should give some information also about our  tourism, business and computer courses .
Dear Ms. Helen. Ryan,
Thank you for    confirming about the first prize in your competition. I was pleased  when  I got it.
I'll confirm about my hopes.
I hope I'll be able to travel  (on*/in)  July , due  to the fact that my children have summer holiday from July. I prefer to stay in log cabins ,  because  I'm going to travel with 2 children and my dog. I wonder if I can take them as well. Then I'd like to join the activities, swimming and Singing. I love swimming and also I've got a  scuba  diving licence. I used to enjoy  floating  on the water whenever I was on holiday. Singing is the most  favourite  hobby for us. We often go out to sing in  a  Karaoke bar.
My son experienced winning the first prize in a Karaoke competition.
I'd like to know    how much  money ,  and  how many clothes we need.
 I  would be grateful if you sent me more details
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours faithfully 
Hana Soma
First of all ,  we can't go shopping without money. Nowadays, most  products'  prices  have  gone up with our own country's  economic  development. Despite the poor material of product, we have to pay  a lot of  money, even though we  are  completely satisfied  with  shopping at that time, we sometimes regret buying after the shopping. It sounds    foolish. However it often  happens .
 Secondly  ,  the    service often makes us angry. Of  course , the shopkeepers are human  beings  as well.  But for their considerations, they're working in their  routines .  So their attitude sometimes seems to be bossy and pushy.
I sometimes  lose  my desire to buy a thing because of their  bad   behaviour .
Moreover, shopping is just a part of life   . It's necessary to buy something to  live . We have to buy     something . For example, for our jobs ,   special   ceremonies  ,  and so on.  Even when the risk comes up with shopping. 
To sum up, shopping is not always enjoyable for us
Dear Helen Ryan
I am very impressed that I have won your competition. As the letter said that  all questions you would like to know, I'm going to give you in  the following:
Firstly ,  I would like to travel in July only because I have two  months'  holiday which are July and August .  I choose July because it is the only    month that I think I'm free. In August I have to work   .
Secondly ,  I prefer the tents because I've never been in  a  tent so I would like to try.
Thirdly ,  for the activities I would like to  choose  climbing and photography .  I have never done them before. The only reason is I would like to try and I think they are matching activities . When  you climb    the mountain    you can take     photographs  of the views.
 Finally  ,  I would like to ask you      about money and clothes.  How much money do I have to bring ? And what is the weather like?  What   clothes   I could bring them to be   suit  the weather.
Yours sincerely
Sintawichai Chaow
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Shopping is when  people   go  to the  shops  and buy what they  want  . However  ,  I think this word is for women because they like beautiful clothes  and  all  sorts  of things.
Anyway ,  shopping is not always enjoyable as the title  states  because firstly you will get  tired  because you have to walk  in and out  the shops. Secondly you will get angry  (on*/at)   the  bad  manners  of the  assistants  in the shop. Thirdly ,  if you're fat you won't find  your  size.  Fourthly  ,  that product is too expensive for you and the last problem is you buy  too   many  things but you have not got your own car so you have to carry big boxes by  yourself .
I think if you have lots of money and don't know what to do with it, do not go shopping give the money to charity . That  is better than shopping.  In my opinion   it  is true it is boring . It  might  be  because I am a boy.
Dear Helen Ryan , 
My name is Agripina T. I just  received  your letter and I would like to answer and ask some questions. I would like to travel only  (on*/in)  July because it's the only month when I'm free.  (On*/In)  June I have to take some English lessons. I would prefer to  stay  in log cabins because I think they are more comfortable than tents. I don't really like  staying  in tents. If it's possible to  stay  in log cabins I'll be pleased. While I'm at the Camp, I would like to do two  of my   favourite  activities ,  which are basketball and singing. I love to play basketball. I'm not good at it but I try my best.  In the past  I was in a basketball team and I  enjoyed   it  a lot. Also I like singing. In future I would like to be a singer. I like this kind of activity. There is something else I would like to ask. At the Camp, is there a free uniform or  will we  have to wear something  special ? Also I would like to ask about money. How much money should I take with me? And is it  necessary  to bring money, will we need  it ?
This is all  that  I wanted to ask. Thank you for everything.
Yours sincerely
Agripina Tymoshenko.
I suggest  filming  our English lessons and  Maths  lessons. From  the  activities I suggest  filming   sports  lessons   and music lessons. We have very interesting English lessons. They are always funny and nice. We always learn something new. At some lessons students are always  working , but  as  we work,  we  joke, discuss many topics, tell some stories about our life. Students think that we don't do anything and we don't learn anything  special . It's not true. We  practise  our English and I think we have to film our English lessons, so others can see that to study this way is better than to study the way    they do. Also  Maths    lessons are so interesting. Many people don't like  Maths  because they think that it's  a   boring  subject. I think  it  all depends  (of*/on)   the  teacher. Our  Maths    teacher knows how to teach so we don't get tired of his lessons. I think we should film the  Maths    lessons, so students and some teachers will change their opinion about  Maths . For activities ,  we should film  sports  lessons because we always do something new. We  have  many competitions with other schools, and we always have fun. Our music lessons are  special . We try to play    many instruments,  and  sing even if we don't know how. And it's always interesting to  watch  others while they do something like that.
Report by Agripina Tymoshenko.
Dear Sir/  Madam ,
Today  I   received  your letter . It  is the most wonderful news I  have heard  in a long time. I am so  pleased  that I won this prize   that I  cannot  explain how  grateful  I am. I  wasn't  expecting this prize because  it   is   too  good to be true. My family  decide to visit my grandmother in Orlando, because she got some problems with the  swimming pool  . She  ask my parents to help her in a new swiming pool building .
Because  of  this situation I  will  be very busy  (on*/in)  the first week of  July , and I  would   appreciate   it  if you  could  give me the  option  to  begin  my "Camp California"  experience   (from*/on)  July 10th. About the  accommodation  I would prefer to sleep  (on*/in)   a   tent , because I  have never been  in one, and it is a lot more fun than log cabins.
Because I  have seen  my father playing golf since I was a child I am very  keen  on this sport, and also I love photography because I  have got  a great  camera .
I am really looking forward to  seeing  you soon.
When I was a child I never  liked  to go shopping because my Mum  spent  so much time  (on*/in)  the shops that I remember  that  going shopping with her   was a  nightmare . It is  amazing  how people change  over the years  For example  now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things, and every week I have to buy something. I enjoy  fashion so much  that my life  has changed  completely since I  started  to study  fashion design  and I  discovered  that fabrics,  and  colors, are really enjoyable. But  these days  shopping is not always enjoyable, because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer <NS type="MN"></NS> and you pay  the  full price,  (on*/at)  the end of the season it is half price .  I find  it  very  unfair  for people who pay a lot of money  (on*/for)  their clothes. Anyway, shopping is  always      satisfying  for rich people, because they can  afford   it  and they don't  mind   paying   the  full price  (on*/for)  their clothes.
Dear Madam,
I am very happy to hear that I've won first prize in your competition. Below I provide you with the information that you asked me for. I would like to travel in July. I already have plans for my holiday and July suits me the best. As for  accommodation  ,  I would prefer log cabins, because I  believe  they are more comfortable  than  tents.
The activities I would like to do during my stay are golf and surfing.
I  have never tried  those sports, because they are quite expensive.
I have two questions. Could you tell me what  the weather conditions in California are  at that time of year, because I want to know what clothes to take. Am I supposed to take an outfit for sports as well?
The other question is about money. Will I be given any pocket-money or do I need to bring my own money to cover additional  expenses ?
Yours sincerely
Adalbert Turnau
First I would like to say that  making  a video about daily life at our school is  a  great idea. Some people may think that school is boring and nothing interesting ever happens there. I hope that after seeing this video most people will change their view on that topic. To make that happen, we have to find some interesting activities to film.
Below are my suggestions  (of*/for)  what should be filmed.
The first thing to be filmed is our English lesson, because our teacher Mr. S. has a lot of weird ideas and we could get a lot of fun moments on tape. The chemistry lesson should be filmed because we do a lot of interesting experiments there. The computer class  could  be also there, because  programming  and internet surfing  are  quite interesting.
As for other activities, there is a Jiu-Jitsu class after regular lessons. Martial arts are  really  exciting and are a great thing to film.
 1ST June  2000
Dear Ms Ryan,
I am writing to reply  to  your letter and I am so  pleased  to  have won  the prize. Thank you very much!
In answer  to  your questions: I would like to travel in July. I am a full-time student, my summer holidays begin at the end of June and I have planned to work on my grandfather's farm in August. So July is the only time I will be free. Secondly, I would prefer tents to log cabins. Camping is my  hobby  and I sleep in tents every time I go camping. Therefore, I am afraid I can't get used to log cabins easily. Besides camping, I also like painting. My Dad is an amateur painter, and I have  been  painting for 8 years. I'm good at portraits and landscapes. I would also like to play golf during my holiday, but I have never played it before . Will  I get any tuition?
Finally, I should like to ask some questions.  What  is the weather like in California in July? What kind of clothes should I pack? If I want to buy some gifts, how much money should I take and can I use traveller's cheques in every place?
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Our lives are getting better and better, so people  have begun  to go shopping more frequently. It's always a great  treat  to go home with bags of purchases, but is it doing us  any  good apart from the temporary satisfaction?
Everyone likes  sales , but those so-called sale items are not really  good  value. In  the  fashion industry,  sales   begin  at the end of each season and just  last  a short time, because those  retailers  want to make room for new stock. But you'll find your 'cool bargain' soon  gets  out of date and you have to keep buying new ones. Also supermarket owners have  invested  a vast amount of money to find out the best way to place goods in order to get the most profit. Therefore, we become impulsive buyers easily under  the influence of  these tricks. The result    is  we feel guilty after spending more than  we expected , or even suffer from financial difficulty.
Shopping does not just  affect  us mentally, but also physically. It's not hard to realise how exhausted we are after a day of shopping. Think of the awful crowds, the busy car parks, polluted air in the city centres and mile-long queues in front of the cash desks. I don't think anyone  really likes  to face them. But once you get there, they're just inevitable, aren't they?
Well, now before you go shopping, think again and you'll  realise  it won't  always be  enjoyable.
Dear Ms Ryan,
I was so surprised and delighted as well  to receive  from you such wonderful news!  Thank God , you  made  me really happy.
From your letter I was pleased to  learn  that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for. But could you, please, let me have more details about my  prize . What kind of people will be invited  (at*/to)  your Camp    this summer? I would like to know with  whom  I'll share  such     wonderful days  with the   sports  activities.
About sport... I must be honest: I'm not very keen on sport. But I will be glad to  go  swimming and sailing for  a few  weeks. I have been  learning  to paint. And I would prefer to have a nice audience for my poetry as well .  I'm a poet,  yeas .
I would    choose  the  month  of  July, because I'm free  (in*/at)  this time from  family  duties.
 About   the other  camp conditions - it does not matter for me. I can stay in tents or log cabins,  whatever  you wish.
 Send  me, please, news about July.
Yours sincerely
Fu-Su Harp
Dear Kim,
I hope that you  are  still OK and now are preparing for me a  nice new  letter! I hope so!
I have been  writing  to you that my life in London  has been  a little bit boring for me. It was true. But now  everything      has completely changed !
I found the kind of activity  that  I  have been looking  for  for  ages. My Russian friend  invited  me to set up  an exiting new  business. We established a firm which has a deal with musicians and contemporary pop stars. Can you imagine!
First of all, in order  (of*/to)   our firm purpose  I wrote an  invitation  to my  favourite  idol -  the  poet and    singer Boris Grebenchekoff. We  rented  for him a special hall near Piccadilly Circus. The hall was crowded. His one-week concert programme was so  successful  that we decided to invite him  else , as soon as  the  tickets  were   all  sold. I had a nice  experience  as manager too. I would like to be a professional in this  area ,  yeas . Do you share my  ambition , Kim?  Isn't  it a brilliant idea?
You know, Kim, I'm always looking for  an aim in life . Not only - to LIVE, but to have something to LIVE FOR. Now I  have made  my choice.
Good luck to you as well!
P.S. Your present, a small toy, a white  hose  - I always keep with me, it helps me to pass my exams.
With Love -
Dear Mrs. Helen Ryan , 
It was so great to hear that I had won first prize. It would be meaningful in my life to take part in your camp. I am writing to reply  (about*/to)  your questions.
 I am wondering that  I will  only be  able to travel in July, because I have to finish my first year at the university. It finishes 29th of June. In addition to this, I have already resistered  on  another course which starts from 2nd of August.
Secondly, I would prefer  to stay  in tents, I  have always admired   outdoor  life. Finally, I would like to  do   surfing  and golf. In  the  case of surfing, I have never had  any  experience, I am  an   absolute  beginner. On the other hand, I used to play golf with my father. When I was 14, I won  a  competition.
I would like to ask about Camp California. Let me know     which kind of clothes I have to take  and how much money I need. It would be very helpful.
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Hi. How are you? I am fine. Thanks for your letter. I want to let you know about my experience as you wanted.
Well, last month, I worked at a pop concert. It was fantastic because I could see Madonna. My main job was to  tidy  up her dressing room. Can you imagine? You are working with your  ideal  woman, I  still can't   believe  that I spoke with her.
Anyway, the most important thing was that I had  a  good experience. If we had worked together we would have had a good time. It's   a  pity, isn't it? Now, I know how difficult  it is  to sing in front of  an  audience and behind the  stage  there are a lot of    people who help the performance.
Next time, I hope that we'll work together. Let's find some information to get a job. Shall we?
I have to go now. I am fed up with studying, but I have to. I hope that you'll be alright.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
With lots of love,
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to reply  to  your letter in which you let me know I  have  won the first prize in your competition.
I would like to travel in July as it is the only month    this year when I do not have any exams. I am currently attending University and I have exams all term long.
 Regarding  accommodation I would prefer a tent, as I love nature and I like going camping a lot.
 Regarding  the two activities I have to choose I will take surfing and basketball. I know very little about surfing, it is almost something new for me. I have only  done  it once. But,  on the other hand , I am a good basketball player, and I  play     three or four times a week as I play in the University team.
There are some things I would like to know first of all : the  kind of clothes I should take with me ; then , if I need to take any money to the camp ; and  finally, if you could tell  me  when  I would  be leaving and coming back.
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Kim,
Hi! How are you? How are you doing at school? I have a terrible cold but I feel OK anyway. I got it two weeks ago  (in*/at)  a concert, but although I've been to the doctor, I can't get over it   !
 But  I don't regret going to that concert. It was wonderful! You know I love designing clothes, and there I had the chance to make a dream come true.
A friend of mine was organising  the  pop concert, and as he knew me well, he asked me if I'd like to design the clothes the pop singers would wear in the show. Of course, I accepted immediately ,  very pleased.
It was a marvellous experience .  I really enjoyed working with such a nice team, they were really kind  (with*/to)  me. And, as if  that  wasn't enough,  I was  doing what I love! It's something I will never forget.
And tell me, are you planning  to come  back to visit me? Please let me know if you have some days free so  we can   organise  a little journey together. Well, I think I'd better  finish  now. Write back soon! love,
13th June 2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I am writing with reference to your letter about the competition I won, in which you  requested  some additional information.
I am very happy to have won a two-week trip  (at*/to)  Camp California, but for me it is only possible to travel in July because it is the only time when I can get holidays from work. Therefore, it is essential that you take account of my availability when booking the trip.
As I am an expert camper, I would prefer to be  put up  in  a   tent   rather  than in  a   log cabin .  Concerning  activities at the camp, I would be highly delighted if I could play basketball and tennis. The former because I am an excellent  basketball player  and the latter because I am interested in taking up a new sport  and  I am a complete beginner at it.
I am a little unsure about some things and I would be very grateful to you if you could answer my questions. I would like to know if I will need to take some special clothes and how much money would  I need  to bring with  me .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
REPORT ON DAILY LIFE AT MY SCHOOL, FOR MY ENGLISH TEACHER
Introduction
After our English  class's  decision to make a short film about daily life in my school, I have been asked to write a report about interesting lessons and activities that should be filmed. The aim of this report is to inform my teacher about them. Here are my findings.
Best lessons to film
As all the students are different from each other, it is essential to show many aspects of the school. Therefore, to show the good aspects, I suggest  filming  Mr. Clark's English classes, because they are highly  educational  and because the students participate a lot. On the other hand, to show less pleasing aspects, it would be  sufficient  to film Mrs. Morrison's French classes, as they are extremely boring and sub-standard.
Interesting activities
One event that should not be missed      is the weekly football game between teachers and students, which shows how well they get along with each other. Another event that should  definitely  be captured on film is the preparation of the meals in the canteen. The cooks are very friendly and excellent.
Conclusion
In conclusion, I suggest that our English class seriously takes into consideration my suggestions when making the video. Because the above mentioned events are  the ones most praised or criticised by all students .
INDIAN DEMURO
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I received your letter last  Monday . I want to say thank you  for making me  the lucky person who won that competition. It will be a great opportunity for me to see the United States and I am so happy about that   I  cannot  explain it.
You want    some further information from me. About the date   when I want to travel ,  can I say that it is only possible for me  (on*/in)  July because I have to do some exams at    school.  Regarding the accommodation at the camp, I would prefer  a tent .  The  reason is that I like to live  really   naturally  and it is more enjoyable to live in a tent  than  in  a   cabin .
 Regarding  activities ,  I can say that I like every sport, but basketball and tennis would be perfect for me. In basketball I have  had  more  practice   than  in tennis. I play every weekend  (on*/in)  competitions with my local team and  about tennis it is that I tried but it is not like my basketball experience .
Also I want to know how  many  clothes and  how much  money I  will  need for these two weeks. Please write  to  me  with  your answer as  quickly  as possible.
I hope I can hear from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
How are you my lovely penfriend?  Well, I hope . You want to know how  it was  to work and help at a pop concert? It  was   marvellous . You see the stars so near and also you can chat with them. On my first day I  had   to help  to bring the  stuff  for the band, things like guitars, drums and  other things . It was    hard work for a while but I was so happy    to help  (on*/at)  a  really  big pop concert I can't  describe  it. On the other two days I helped to prepare the breakfast, lunch and  dinner  for the band. You are always so near to these people and after a while it is normal to stay and chat with Brian Adams, for example. I  really  enjoyed that and it was one of the greatest,  if  not the greatest experience  (in*/of)  my life. On the other hand it was a  well-paid  job  (with*/at)  15 pounds per hour .  What      can you  say ! 
The organizer of the  tour   spoke  with me and asked me if I  wanted      to do  the same work in two months at the  Rolling Stones concert   Isn't that  fantastic !  I couldn't believe it but he gave me the contract  to sign . I hope ,  Kim ,  you  were  not too jealous about that, sorry. Please write  to  me soon .  I'm waiting.
 Love 
Mrs/Miss Helen:
Thank you very much for your letter. It is excellent to have won this prize.
To be honest I had doubts about winning the competition, because in spite of     thinking  I did well, I had to play against    very strong  competition . The idea  (about*/of)  going to California for 2 weeks  makes  me feel very excited.
 Referring   (with*/to)  your letter, July is the    time  that  suits me best. My job is less demanding in July.
About the accommodation ,  I would prefer to stay in a tent. I have never done it before, so I really fancy the idea.
I am really  surprised  about how many activities can be  done  in this place. If  it  is possible I would like  to swim . I am very good at swimming.
 On the one hand  I think that climbing sounds very exciting, but on the other hand it scares me a lot, so I will play tennis. I am not so bad at tennis but I would like to improve my style.
By the way, I would like to know if the  cost of living  in  the  USA is similar to  the  UK. How much money should I bring with me?
Another point is about    clothes . Could  you confirm    that I'll need summer clothes? I would be very pleased <NS type="M"></NS>.
Please ,  if you need further information from me, don't hesitate to contact me again.
Yours sincerely.
Normally I  really enjoy shopping .
In fact when I don't feel very happy I decide to  go  shopping to try to  cheer  myself up. And really, it works.
But not everything about shopping is enjoyable. For example, I hate  it  when I get into a shopping centre and it is crowded. I don't like  it  when I have to try on  different  sizes because the small  size  doesn't fit  me  because I have  put on  weight. It is  (in*/at)  this moment when really I  realise  I am getting fat and it is a horrible feeling.
I think women, in general, are very impulsive  when  purchasing things. Many times we buy things that ,   actually , we don't need and, sometimes you  are   surprised  when you check the balance of your bank account and then you need to cut down  on  your expenses for 2 months.
But from another point of view, it is silly to be earning money and  not spending  it as you want. At the end of the day money is just money.
Cracow 8430
Dear Competition Organiser,
I've already decided when I want to take a part at The Camp California in USA. The most suitable time for this trip is only in July, because I've  already planned  the rest of my summer holidays.  (On*/In)  June and August, so that's the only time when I can travel there.
 The  accommodation at the camp that is  most  suitable for me is in log cabins. I prefer that kind of  accommodation  because I can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there, but I can't have it in  a  tent.
I've also  chosen  two activities, swimming and sailing. These are my  favourite  because they have a lot to do with water, but I like them more than surfing.
 Finally  I would like to ask you how much money is needed and what kind of clothes are the best for this camp.
Please answer me soon.
Otto Zajac.
Shopping is not always enjoyable
I agree with this statement especially when we talk about small  shops  in the  centre  of a big town. These shops are usually very crowded and you have to wait for a very long time to buy one kilogram of carrots for example. In such    shops there is usually one or one or two  sales assistants ,  which  is not enough when a shop is full of people. That's a place where you lose too much    time and health.
Shopping is more enjoyable if you go to a big supermarket, because there  are  smaller  crowds  and more  sales assistants  work there.  These days  people  prefer  shopping at supermarkets  rather  than at shops or even shopping  centres , because shopping at  a  shop is less enjoyable and you  spend  the same amount of money.
I am writing to thank  you  for the letter with the result of the competition and also to ask some questions.
Firstly, I would like to inform  you  that I prefer travelling in July to travelling in  any other  month. The reason for  this    is that   July is the only month in which   I am on  holiday  so I will not have to miss any classes. Next, I would prefer  to stay  in  a   tent  rather than stay in  a   log cabin  because I appreciate having  close  contact with nature. Therefore, I have chosen climbing and swimming as the two activities    which I am good at. I can say I am good at swimming, because in the club I used to be    first in all the competitions and  as for  climbing I used to climb trees, walls ,  everything in my childhood without falling.
Since I am going to travel I would like to know how much money  it would  be  advisable  to take and what kind of  clothing  I should take.
I look forward  to  an answer from you.
Yours Faithfully
Adriana
I am just writing to tell you about my experience    helping at a pop concert.
Wonderful, Breathtaking, Fabulous, these are some adjectives to describe just a little bit how my experience was. Starting with good points, I could say that you  could  talk  face-to-face  with the pop stars. Moreover, you  had  the unique opportunity to  have   your   picture   taken  with them, to have their names written   on your notebook by  them . Despite    being tiring, it was rewarding because I noticed that all the singers are ordinary people who want to see their fans happy and satisfied and  it  is true I experienced that. Another thing is that they pay you for  your   work  and it is    good money. Don't worry because you don't pay  for  your ticket ,  it is "free". From my point of view, there were  no  disadvantages.
Kim, summing up ,  it was the most interesting experience that I have ever had. I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Lots of Love
XXXXX
Adriana
Dear Miss Ryan,
I have received the letter you have sent me. I am writing to let you know my answers to the questions you asked me  (on*/in)  the letter.
First, I would like to travel in July, because I am a university student and I have only one month  of  summer vacation ,  that is in July. I  would appreciate  it if it  was  the first two weeks of the month. Next, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin, because I need to have a time to relax when I travel. Therefore, I would prefer a log cabin.
For activities, my first  choice  is basketball. I have been playing it since I was nine years old. In high school, I was in a school team and I enjoyed playing it with my team mate, even though we were not a strong team. My second  choice  is golf. I had never played it until last month. However, I could enjoy it, even though I was a  beginner , so I would like to  practise  and have fun at the camp.
Lastly, I would like to know whether I should bring some money and what kind of clothes I should bring.
Thank you for giving me this great opportunity. I will be expecting to hear from you.
 Yours faithfully ,
Hideo Kojima
Dear Kim,
 I  got your letter yesterday. I enjoyed reading how you spent time with your family and had fun at the Park. Thank you.
As I have told you, I had a chance to help at a concert of Majesty, a local band in which one of my friends played  guitar . He knew that I'd wanted to work at a concert hall, possibly as a lighting technician. So he suggested me to help  at  their concert so that I could know behind the scenes.
When I arrived there, the staff were already busy. At first I just helped setting up the stage; setting microphones, and tuning  guitars . When I was doing it, one of the staff called me and  took  me to a room. He explained  to  me that it was to  control  the light. It was fun  practising  how to move the lights and change the lights. However, when it came to the real concert, it was very hard.
When the concert was finished, I was exhausted but happy.
 I'll write you back. 
Friend,
Thank you for that information. I  didn't   expect  that I  could  win     your  competition. I  want  to travel only  in  July  because  now I'm studying at National Academy of Defense and I don't have    time for  anything  else. When I  arrive  ,  I would prefer accommodation in Log cabins. I prefer that  because  I will travel with my wife and she always prefers that kind of accommodation. I tell you in  secret  that   I don't know  why  she  does  that. You said that I will have the chance to do two activities,  so  I choose swimming and sailing. I Love all  kinds  of water sports. In summer I always  go  to  the  seaside or some kind of lake to swim. I like to catch  fish  too. I think that I'm good at swimming. When I was young I  swam  in many  competitions .
My  personal best  is 27.66 for  fifty  meters. I would like to ask you about  the  weather  (at*/in)   California   in   July . What kind of clothes  should I  bring with me ?  Are there any  discotheques  or something ?  I would like to know if my wife can come with me,  because   without   her  I can't be there.
Daily life at my school
I'm studying at National Academy of Defense. There  are  about two  thousand  students at my school. There are only men. Everybody gets up at six, and  the  first  thing  they do    is run for about two  thousand  five  hundred   metres . Then they take a  shower  and everybody goes for breakfast. Usually I have eight lessons. Two times a week I have W-F. This is very important,  because  every soldier  should  be strong.
Today there was the sport competition in Basketball. My group of students won that competition for  the  second time.  I don't play  basketball well, but my friends do. After this competition there was     mathematics , and two  hours  of biology. I don't like biology,  so  I  slept  on the desk in a  classroom . I think that competitions should be filmed  because  my school is a kind of  sports  school. On video there  should  be  how  we  get  up , how  we run,  how  we eat breakfast. Then you should  show   how   our  school looks from outside. There  should  be an  interview   with  students and with  professors . Daily life at my school    is not only school and teachers and  mathematics  problems. There  are     military problems too. We  spend  a lot of time outside the school during the military things. We must  know   how  to use a gun, or  how  to drive a tank. That kind of  thing  should be filmed somehow.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Referring to the  competition I won , I would  like   to say  that I am very happy to be the  winner . Accordingly I will give you the further information that you wanted.
First, you asked  about   when I would like to travel  and the only possible time for me is in July, because my company only gave me  holiday   time  in this period.
Second, I prefer  to stay  in  a  tent. I want to feel the real nature and spirit of Camp California.
 Furthermore , I should choose between two activities and  say  how good I am at each one. I choose singing and surfing  -   singing because I am a singer in a band and I hope to make my voice more perfect and surfing because I have never  surfed  and I want to learn  how .
Finally, I have some questions. I would  like   to know  what type of clothes I should bring with me? How much money should I take with me?  Can I   come  with a friend of mine?
Yours sincerely
Marlene Berg
Dear Kim,
How are you? I hope  you're  fine.  I am  fine, because  I have been  helping at the concert  called  'The Dome'. I can say that this was one of the best experiences of my life. First I  had   to help  to  make  coffee and  prepare  food for  pop stars  like Mariah Carey, Elton John, Backstreet Boys,  etc ... Before and after the concert the "stars"  were  very hungry and I  had   to serve  them food, drinks and  something like this . Kim,  check it in your mind , I have had  close  contact with Mariah Carey! I am so happy about it. Different "stars" gave me  autographs  and  talked  really  nicely  and  normally  with me.  During the concert  I cleaned the kitchen and the room where the "stars" ate. The  after-show  dinner party was very nice and I have never thought that  pop stars  like Elton John  dance  on the table if  they   like  the music and if  they  have  had  a great show on stage. It was just great and after this event I can say that  pop stars  are normal humans like everyone  you're !
Love,
Marlene
Dear Helen Ryan,
I received your letter, so I  am writing   to  you to give you some  information   (from*/about)  me.
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because I finish school  (on*/in)  June and I go to Great Britain  (on*/in)  August for one month.
If I can choose my  accommodation , I prefer  staying  in  a  tent. I prefer this  accommodation  because I think it's  easier  to  meet  people when you  stay  in  a  tent, near them, than when you  stay  in  a  log cabin.
I want  to play  tennis and  to go  swimming. I  haven't played  tennis before, so I am not good. I go to  the   swimming pool  two  times   a  week, so I am good at this sport.
Could you tell me what sort of clothes I will have to wear to play tennis?
Could you tell me if I will need money for    my dinners?
Yours sincerely.
Eric Durand
There  are  a lot of activities and lessons at our school, so I think it's difficult to  choose  some of them. I think the best choice is to show many types of activities.
We could show  the  team spirit of our school  through   sports  activities like soccer, basketball or handball. We could also show cultural activities: there  are  a lot of  music clubs   and  painting  clubs  in our school. I think it could be  interesting  to show how students work to write the  school newspaper .
At the end, we can also show where we can be relaxed. We should  film  our pub and  a   roomful  of students. All  these  activities which should be filmed   are  part of  our daily life at our school.
Dear Ms Ryan
I am  really  astonished that I won this competition! It is great and I  want to  say thank you for the two weeks at Camp California   . I have never been  (in*/to)  California  before .
Now I will give you  some  further information: I have to travel in July because I  have  to make sure that I can have  a  holiday this year and it is  my  only  option ! I am sure you can  understand  this.
I decided  that my  accommodation at Camp California  should be  in a tent, because there you will have lots of fun. You can feel the fresh air and listen to  the  animals .  This  will be a great  opportunity !
I am pleased to choose two activities, because now I will be able to learn SINGING and SURFING! I am  not good at either activity , but it will be a pleasure to try  them  ,   especially  surfing .  I would like to feel the  wind  in my hair, and enjoy how  quickly  the board goes over the sea.
 I have another question ; the  life  there, is it as expensive as I think? And the weather ?   Are   there  only sunshiny days?
 On the other hand  it is not as important, the main reason is I really look forward to  going   (at*/to)  this  camp  and ,  one more time, thanks a lot!
Yours sincerely
L. Schwartz
Shopping is not always enjoyable
We have recently had a discussion in our class about this statement .  We  have had a great  deal of   arguing . Certainly it is great to buy new clothes and have a great variety at home   to wear, but mostly you will  never have enough .
When I  decide  to go    shopping, first I will make sure that I have enough time. I am not a typical  woman  because I hate shopping! I am lucky if I  find  something which fits.
The main reason I hate  it is that    there are too many people who are always standing in my way (or maybe I  think in that way ) and I begin to  get  angry .  Normally   I am looking those people with evil eyes !
I mean, it is too  crowded , you have to wait such a long time before you can pay, and  most   of  the things are too expensive! Even before you  find  a color you like or the right size of    trousers, you  have been  looking for it a long time,  then it's  gone!
Lastly, you can see, my opinion about shopping is not very good,  because  I think shopping is never enjoyable!
Dear Helen Ryan,
I received your letter and would be glad to  spend  two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. but I will only be able to go in July  because  in June I will be in Austria with a friend and  (in*/for)  August I have rented an  apartment  with my family.
I would rather be accommodated in a tent because I already have the necessary  equipment  for camping. While I am at the  camp  I would like to play tennis and do photography. I play  tennis very well  since I have played it since I was a child but I am a novice  (in*/at)  photography and I would like to try it as I have always been interested in it.
I would like to ask you a few questions:
What kind of clothes should I bring?
Will you  provide  clothes for  the  activities?
How much money should I bring there?
Faithfully  yours ,
Pascal Fritz
Although many people enjoy shopping, shopping is not always enjoyable. You can  come across  a very  disagreeable   shop assistant  and if you find what you wanted, you will not want to pay him or her for it.
Sometimes the  assistant  might even ignore you as he or she is talking to another  assistant .
For example, you walk into a shoe store. Two  assistants  are talking and ,  although they saw you enter, they continue their discussion so you have to interrupt them. Then, one of them serves you but half listens to you because he or she is still talking to the other  assistant . There is nothing more  disagreeable  than that.
Also, when you find a nice  assistant  and he shows you lots of objects,  then  you don't find what you want, you feel sad for him or her because you made him or her  waste  his or her time ,  so you feel obliged to buy something. All this  is  to say that shopping may seem enjoyable but often is not.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am so glad that I have won this competition - two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I would like to travel in the middle of July because my summer holiday starts in the middle of July. Is it possible to travel in July? And also I like to camp in a tent, because it will be more interesting than log cabins. You need to do everything by yourself.
Taking     photographs  during the holiday is  a  very good memory for me, and I can share my adventures  (to*/with)  my friends. So while I am at the Camp I  want  to take  a lot of   photographs  and climb a mountain.   Fresh air , flowers and meeting some interesting people while you are climbing you have . By the way, I wonder if I need a lot of money and what kind of clothes I should bring. Finally, thanks for  giving me this opportunity  .  I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
13/06/00
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Shopping sounds very  enjoyable  and  is  fantastic for women. You can find a lot of interesting things which  were  unexpected. Some people enjoy window shopping, but some people enjoy spending their money on    clothes or shoes. Nowadays ,  in a family ,  shopping isn't  a   woman's  job.
 On the other hand , after shopping you'll get tired and maybe you can't afford your credit card. For instance, you  wanted  to buy everything which you saw, and after that, you don't know how much you have spent. If you are going shopping someone can easily steal your wallet  when  you are looking at some interesting things. It  would  be  really  awful.
However, shopping has pros and cons . It  depends on personal  taste . I enjoy shopping very much . It  can  help  me know what's going on in the world. But it is a good idea to have a break during the shopping  trip ,  then  you won't feel so tired.
Dear Madam,
First, I would like to thank you for offering me this wonderful prize. For a long time I  have wanted      to go  to Camp California, and now my dream is about to  come  true.
There is  no more time  left in my timetable in August since I will have to work then, so I would rather come in July. Concerning the  accommodation , I would prefer to sleep in a log cabin, because to sleep in a tent would remind me of the bad experience I had in Ireland because of the weather...
Since this stay at Camp California is a good  opportunity  to  try out  new activities, I would like to sail and climb, but I am a beginner  (in*/at)  both activities.
Then, I would like to know what kind of clothes I will need there, and if I have to bring a lot of money. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Richard Amelin
Dear Kim,
I apologize for not having written this letter sooner, but as you probably  know , I was actually really busy because of the pop concert. What a great experience that was! I will remember it for a long time because of two reasons.
The first one is that the band I have helped, although it hasn't  found  success yet, is really good. When they are on stage, during the  rehearsals , they are able to play a music that completely moves me. In a few months, when they are famous, I could say: "You know ,  I already know them .  I have even helped them at one of their  concerts ."
Moreover, the work  I had  to do, apart from carrying  equipment , was essentially to sell tickets for the concert, which    allowed me to meet a lot of nice people and to become  friends  with some of them. Even though my entire body aches ( the   equipment  was quite heavy) and I am tired, I wouldn't call it    work! I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Richard Amelin
Dear Helen Ryan
I've just received your letter saying that I have won the first prize in your competition  :  2 weeks at Camp California in the USA. I am very glad to hear that and would like to tell you all the  information  you need to know from me.
I  will  be able to travel only in July because it is my summer holiday and I assumed that it will be    enough time to fit the trip in. Also I cannot go  (on*/during)  other holidays because for  the  Easter holiday I need to  take part in   a  Tennis competition  in the name of  my school and we need time to practise. In  the  Christmas holiday I would like to go back home and be with my family. Also we are going  (to*/on)  a  ferry trip  with my relatives.  Those  are the reasons why I cannot go on your trip at any other  time . I do  apologize  about that.
I would like to choose these 2 activities, they are Tennis and Climbing. As I  said  before ,     I have to  take part in   a  tennis competition ,  so I think I am quite good at it. I started playing tennis when I was 9 . Now  I am 18 years old. I was in the tennis county  player   when  I was 12. I  have taken part in  15 competitions already. I have lost 5 games and won 10 games. My dad  encourages  me to play tennis and  I  enjoy it.  Regarding  climbing, I started to be interested in it  when   I  was 14. My family live near the sea so we  get  quite a lot of  chances  to go climbing. I'm not scared of  heights  and I think it's challenging. My sister loves nature and climbing so she is the one who influences me.
I would like to ask you a few questions. How hot is it in California in July?   So   I know what kind of clothes I need. Do I need a lot of money ? Will  we have time for shopping ?  What kind of food do we eat? This is because I cannot eat Pork. If  this  is  an   inconvenience , please feel free to tell me. Thank you very much.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim
How are you? I am sorry that I didn't write any  letters  to  you  during  the  last month. I really wish you  had been  with me last month.  Guess  what I've done! I've been helping at a pop concert that  was put on  at my school. That's why I  have had  no time and wanted you to be there with me. I will tell you all about it!
As you know I took art for my GCSE and fortunately I  liked  it and  got  quite good marks for my project   about light and sound. So my art teacher came to me and my best friend, who is really good at art too, and asked whether  we   would  be able and willing to help  (for*/with)  the concert in two  weeks'  time in the concert hall. I immediately  said  "yes" and  so did  my friend. I really  thought  it  sounded  so interesting. I  had  never done light and sound for  a  real pop concert before and I  thought  it  would  be a good experience for me. Actually  I'd  just done light and sound  (in*/for)   a   drama  day  (in*/at)  my school at the end of last term. But this time  it'd  be different, I thought. Do you know that this concert will be on television ? 
The  preparation  days came.  On the  first day we started to work for this concert, the real professionals came. Their  job   was   to prepare   for the  concert. I had a chance to talk to them about their jobs and it was  amazing ! It sounded very interesting to me. Then we started to talk about what we  had  to do for this concert. I have learnt lots of things about preparing  a  stage,  lights , sound  and  background. I felt like  I was  one of those  professionals  too because they always called me and my friend to help them and that made me learn lots of  things  from doing the practical work. All of them were very nice and friendly. Another exciting part was   I had to climb to put the lights up. Can you imagine the real concert, and how high the lights always  are ? It was good fun though!     But  my friend didn't like doing that at all. She didn't seem to  enjoy  it as much as I  did .
 At the end of the day , my ambition is to be like one of  those  professionals. I really do hope I can be like them. My teacher was very proud of me because after the concert, all the staff were saying how helpful I was and so on. Do you know, my ambition  makes  me  try  to work very hard and this term I  got  A for my art and design. It encouraged me so much and I think I can be good at it   if I keep on working hard. I think the concert has changed me so much . Now  I have my aim  (about*/for)  what I should do in my life. I feel like I have to work harder.
I hope you will feel like me one day. I will write to you again soon and tell you how I  am  getting on.
Lots of love
I'm  pleased  to win the first prize in your competition - two weeks at Camp California in the USA.
As I'm an  art  student  (in*/at)  a particular College, I  can only  go to    Camp California in July, because in  that  month I  haven't got   any   classes , and I'm free to do whatever I want to. I'd like  a   log cabin   for  my  accommodation , because it's safer and cleaner than  a   tent  and I wouldn't share it  (to*/with)  anyone.
Painting and Photography are     good activities for me . They  suit   me  because my art work develops    in these areas.  (In*/Through)  Painting I talk about human beings in this world,  (in*/on)  big canvases; and  (in*/through)  Photography,  (with*/in)  Collages, I talk about anger and  guilt  in the  family   line . So  (in*/at)  Camp California I would like to keep     in touch with  these areas.
I'd like to ask you to send me $1000 for my art knowledge. With this amount I could buy a lot of art books, and records.  (In*/To)  summarize, art and music need to be kept with me throughout these two weeks  so I do  not forget my artistic life.
 Shopping is something made, which do not need to be enjoyable . We can  analyze  when shopping is enjoyable,  and  when it is not.
There is joy in shopping when it is  done  by ourselves  (to*/for)  ourselves.  That  means buying whatever we like,    like clothes, records, rings, and books. What we like is based  (in*/on)  our  relationships   (to*/with)   other  people,  at  work or in the family. So we have  fun  when we buy what we like  according to   other  people's views.
On the other hand, sickness in ourselves  or  our relatives  makes  us  reluctant  to  shop . It is an obligation  to shop   for  medicines, clothes  (to*/for)  winter,  doctor's   visits , and so forth. A death in the family is  also not  an enjoyable shopping experience, because it is  the highest point of the sickness . Buying coffins and  graveyard plots  to bury  relatives  is not as enjoyable as buying clothes.
In  summary  shopping can be enjoyable or not depending  (of*/on)  our  state of health .  To give  examples:  if  we are healthy we buy clothes and Records, we enjoy ourselves;  if  we are sick, or our relatives  are , we buy medicines  and  we  do  not enjoy ourselves because it is an obligation.
Dear Ms. Ryan,
Thank you very much for the kind letter you have sent me. I am very pleased and very excited that I have won - I can't wait to go to the Camp!
At present, I am taking my exams and am fully occupied with studying. However ,  I will be free in July - but please  note  that this is the only time I'll be free to travel to California.
For the accommodation, I would like to stay in tents as I have never slept in one before. It would also be a chance to try it out for the first time in my life.
I would also like to take tennis and painting activities while staying at the camp. I've played tennis for eight years now and have competed in many matches. I take painting as my hobby as well, even though I have never  taken  proper lessons.
Also, can you please be kind enough to tell me what sort of clothes I should take? Would the weather be quite hot? Would you recommend me to take an extra bottle of sun block?
Lastly, can you please tell me how much money would be  appropriate  to take? Would there be a bank near the camp?
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
MIDORI FUYU
Dear Kim,
Hi! How are you? Thanks for your letter.
You want to know everything about the concert? Okay - here it goes!
Two hours before the concert began, I arrived at the hall. God, I was so excited! Already everything was set up, the  group's  instruments, lights, microphones... I quickly helped others to decorate and to 'polish' off the hall - we blew up as  many  balloons as we  could  and sprayed them    gold and silver.
The concert went  terrifically , too! There must have been hundreds out there - dancing, laughing, shouting.. and I was having  the  time of my life! I handed out refreshment to the pop group's members during breaks - my friends were so jealous of me!
At the end of the concert, when it was after midnight and everyone had  already  left, the group came up to each of us (who helped out) and thanked us personally! I mean, isn't that really nice of them? We shook hands and they even wrote (scribbled?) their signatures on my T-shirt! I guess this was the best part of the night!
Really, Kim, you should try this out some time. Even though I was exhausted, it was really worth it!
Anyway, now I'm back to the real world - I have exams next week, wish me luck!
Best wishes,
Hello,
I'm so glad I won this prize, but I have some questions for you, and of course, the  information  you asked me  for .
Well,  first , I would like to travel only in July, because it's my  holiday  here in Portugal. And if it's possible I would like to go after  the  10th, because I've got some things to do.
And for me, I think  a   tent  would be better .  I don't know why but   I feel more comfortable. I think it's because the last time I travelled (with my friends), we stayed  (at*/in)  log cabins, and when I was sleeping  I  felt  something  moving  (in*/on)  my skin, then I  woke  up frightened and when I  opened  my eyes, I saw lots of big ants! After that day, I've never stayed  (at*/in)  a log cabin. Yeah, I think that's why!
About activities, I enjoy  painting most , because I  have been  a  plastic artist  since I was nine and I've won lots of prizes with my art. And the other activity is singing. Everybody says I have an excellent voice .  I like to sing when I  am painting  too .  It's  so relaxing. Is that enough?
I would like to ask what kind of  clothes  I  should   wear  there? And how much  clothing ? A lot, or  a   little ? And what about money? Will I spend much? If you could tell me about this, I'll be glad!
 Gratefully 
Teresa J. Pereira
Dear Tina,
You won't believe what I'm going to tell you! Remember when I told you I helped someone important? Well, listen to this.
I was walking down the main street looking for a gift shop   (I had to buy something for a friend, it was his birthday) ,  when I found a beautiful store .  I stopped in front of it and  started  looking at the window  display  (outside), then I thought  it was  interesting and  went  in. Suddenly, I saw a man with a cap covering his face. I tried to look again to see him better, because he seemed to be very handsome. And then he said , "If  you promise me you won't  go  out of this store shouting and screaming and telling everyone that I'm here, I  will take  this cap off of my face ."  I didn't know what to do .  I was sure he was a Robber, or even a  murderer ! Then I said ,  "OK, I promise!" (frightened, of course). Carefully, he took off the cap. Tina, guess WHO  he was ? Ricky Martin!! Can you believe it! And there's more! He asked me if I could help at his concert here in São Rafael. Because the store manager told him that I was the best hairdresser in the city! And his hairdresser was sick, so he and his producers were looking for one. Isn't that amazing? I met all the staff, and Ricky took lots of  photographs  with me and gave me an  autographed  Record. Tina, I'm the luckiest girl in the world, don't you think? I'll send you some photos.
Love,
Teresa.
Dear Helen Ryan
I am writing to inform you about your question.  Firstly , I would like to    travel  (on*/in)  July, because before  then  I don't have time to travel. I have to finish my  studies .
Secondly, I want to stay in  a  log cabin. I think it is more convenient than in tents.
And I would like to have a chance     to do  painting and photography. I am not so fit and  healthy , so I don't like to do  exercise . However,  drawing  some beautiful  scenery  and  taking  some  pictures   would be   a  very good experience for me. I hope so  very  much.
Thank you for your invitation.
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Do you like    shopping? Generally many women  like     shopping ,   including  me. Even the young girl wants to go shopping with mum. However, whenever you go shopping, are you usually satisfied with your choice and do you always enjoy    shopping? Perhaps you have an  unpleasant experience .
You could go shopping for some rest to the high street or a department store. Then you could find the cheapest  goods  and in that case, you probably buy it needlessly. Moreover  if  you bought something then you could find it is a little bit  more  expensive than the other shop. Both cases  often happen   (in*/with)  shopping.
If you don't want to regret    shopping, you have to make a shopping list  first  before going shopping. Then you should check the price and the quality of the  goods .
If you remember these two things at least, you could enjoy the shopping. One more thing I recommend you is to leave your credit card at home if you are  only going     window shopping.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing  to  you to give you the information you need, but first of all I  want to  say that I am really delighted and I would  like to  thank you.
If it  is  possible I wish     to travel  in July because I have planned my holidays this month at work and I would not be able to  move  them .  Regarding  accommodation, I would  choose  the log cabin .  I am not very fond of "adventure",  which  is why tents are not for me. I expect that these two weeks will be    a big rest.
Third, you need to know which sport I want to  to do . I would  choose  photography and tennis. In photography, I am just a novice, nevertheless I have got a suitable camera... (I guess that you shouldn't borrow  one ! )   Regarding  tennis, I  have played  for eight years and I  used   to enter      competitions .
To finish, I wonder if I need to bring some money or if  everything  has been already  paid   for  and what kind of clothes should I bring?
Yours sincerely
Joachim Delerm
Our  engineering  school is  specialised  in  mechanics  and thermodynamics.  Needless to say  ,     we must  turn  our attention to these fields.
First, we could film  the  fluid  mechanics  lessons and  the  general  mechanics  lessons. I wonder if we could not  feet between some short view  of the laboratories, in which we could show  a  student  doing   experiments . In order to  impress  people who will watch the film, we could  film   a  student drawing on the big drawing tables. I would do the same for thermodynamics.
Nevertheless, we should not forget the  extra-curricular life at  school. We have to show sports at school and all  the  activities that we are offered.  It   is  not only the brain which should be trained.  Future  students could appreciate  coming  if they could still  do  their sport.
Another  point to record   would  be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time .  It  will show a part of the way of life in the school.
If you want further information or if you disagree, tell me  about  it.
Dear  Ms  Helen Ryan,
I  received  your letter yesterday. I  really   thank   you  for  the opportunity your organisation has given me  to go  to the  U.S.A.
 Concerning the  date  when  I would like to travel,  it  will be nice to go on  the  1st of July , because  my summer holidays       start at  the  end of June. And I need  a  few days to prepare my stuff.
Regarding    the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in tents  rather  than log  cabins  because I have a lot of  experience  of  putting  up my own tents. When I was in  high school  I used to be a member of the  campfire .
 Concerning the  activities that you have listed    , some  of    them I  am  really interested in   , especially painting. Since I was young, my dad     has always taken  me  to   life   drawing , so now it  has become   one of  my hobbies. And I think   it  will be  nice to draw    beautiful landscapes of the place. Beside  drawing , swimming is my favourite as well. When I was in  high school , I  joined     the swimming club. And I also participated in a few swimming  competitions . Although I'm not the best,    I have a lot of  confidence   (in*/at)  it.
 Lastly   there are  some    things I need to clarify,  such as  what type of clothes and  how much  money    I need to  bring .
Thanks again.
I agree! Sometimes shopping is not always enjoyable.  Most     people might think, why would I say that ?  because shopping is a very good entertainment ,  especially for  women ,  like  me.
 Frankly , I like to  shop .  Of course not because of buying things . I like to  go  window shopping  that is good to go  around   the shopping  centre . It  helps  you  keep  up to    date  with what  fashion is  in  now.
But      during any peak season, like Christmas   holidays or even during weekends , then  I can say  I   definitely   don't  feel  it is  enjoyable , because  of the  crowds . For me I think   it is not shopping  but a  kind of suffering , especially     queuing  up for twenty minutes    just  to pay     or waiting for the salesgirl  to get     the right size   . So sometimes I don't think shopping is enjoyable, and if there is any big  holiday , I would rather stay at home and watch television.
Dear Sir/Madam.
I have just  received  your letter saying that I have won the competition .  I must say I was really  surprised  and happy to  be given  the  opportunity  to join the Camp for two weeks.
I would like to travel at the end of July, because at that time   I will be finishing a degree in  Art . I am concerned that you offer me the chance to choose two activities, while I am there . Because  of my studies, I will take painting ,  as this is the subject which I am finishing at     college ,   always  with important  qualifications  , and photography    which has been my hobby since I  discovered  that I can mix ,  in  practice  ,  paint and  photography .
 Concerning      accommodation  ,  I would prefer a tent since for me if I go to a camp or  on an   excursion  it  isn't     the same if I  sleep  in a cabin.
Finally I would like to know if I will have any extra cash for expenses, I mean food, or will I have to bring it with me? Will I have to bring my own clothes or  will you  give  them  to us?
I look forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  faithfully
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Some people  seem  to enjoy going shopping and spending money . It  makes them happy . But  what about the  queues  you have to  join  to pay for something just to  find , when you get to the front, that they have to close  the  till and they ask you to move to the next till . What  a  waste  of time.
It happened to me once .     I wanted to go on  holiday , so I went to the travel agency.  In  the  window  there were some good  advertisements  about holidays which were very cheap. I really liked one of them  concerning   a holiday in  Spain for 3 days with hotel and breakfast included,  for only  £250. I went inside to  ask   (for*/about)  that  package  but they told me that it was gone,  so , I went to many  shops  just to  get  the same answer.  None  of the  adverts  in the windows were available. However, the most important thing is when I asked them to take that  advert   out  of the  window   they  didn't do it.
 As and advise try to go shopping in the out pick hours , and don't  waste  your time asking for  promotions  advertised in the windows of the shop.
Dear Helen Ryan,
Thank you for the letter you wrote to me to inform me about the prize I won. I was so happy! I couldn't believe it.
If it is possible I would like to travel in July because school is finishing on the 28th June and I have already  accepted  a job  (in*/for)  August.
I think it would be fun to stay in a tent those two weeks .  I have never done that before,  but  my friends told me that I would enjoy it.
As you offer many activities it was hard to choose which ones I want to do, but I  decided  to take swimming and photography, because I am very good at swimming and because  I am currently  attending a photography course in Vienna. I am not very experienced but I think that I will find a lot of beautiful  motives  in the USA.
 It  would be very kind if you could inform me about how much money I have to take with me and  what  clothes I will need.
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Kim,
Thank you for the card you wrote to me .  I hope you enjoyed your holidays.
I spent some great days in Vienna where I had the chance to help at the  Pearl Jam concert .
The first thing I did , together with a friend of mine, was to check the tickets of the fans who came to the concert .
There  was always  a lot of security stuff around us to make sure  everything   was   OK , because there really were  thousands  of  people .
Then we had time to listen to the music.
The other thing I had to do was to make some sandwiches and drinks just before they returned  backstage  to rest a little bit before they continued playing. It was amazing to be in the same room they were  in . Edi Vedder even talked to me about their   programmes  !
I think that I will never see them again  face-to-face , but I will never forget those two days - being so close to them, unbelievable!
Hope to see you soon !
Yours
Dear Ms. Ryan,
I am writing to answer    your invitation which I have  received  as a first  prize  winner. I  would be   really  delighted to visit     Camp California in the U.S.A. for two weeks .
This would be an ideal opportunity for me to visit the United States to learn  about  the American way of life.
First of all, I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because I have a lot of work in my company at the moment, so my boss said I can have my  holiday  only  (on*/in)  July.
Secondly, I'd    prefer to stay in tents . That  would be the first chance for me to sleep on the outskirts of California. It could be very enjoyable. And I would like to choose  as  my activities Golf and painting. I used to play Golf several years  ago  and I like to paint  the composition .
Last, I have no experience  (in*/of)   travelling  abroad. Therefore I'd like to know about the weather in California  (on*/in)  July. Which clothes should I take?  Maybe  there are some occasions  when  I have to pay  for  myself. As  mentioned above , please  take care  to give me more information, and if you'd like to know more, please telephone me for further discussion.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Yuna ARNISTON
Seoul is the capital city of Korea.
It is a largish city and has a population of over eight million. I went to school there for twelve years. Many people  say : "When you have a son, send him to Seoul to get a job and to have the chance  (at*/of)  the best opportunity. There are all kinds of facilities  which  you can imagine.
Most of the people   like to go to  the  centre of  the  City ,  that's Meong-Dong where  the underground arcade is  and several businesses have their  headquarters  there. There are also many kinds of take-away restaurants, where I can taste my  favourite  foods.
That doesn't cost much.
If I go to visit my family in Korea, I usually walk along the Meong-Dong streets, and  enjoy   window shopping .
But there  is   always  a lot of traffic at all times, and the air is so polluted that I can't even breathe. I always feel very tired after the shopping because of  unfriendly  people who are too busy.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Yuna ARNISTON
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I am writing  to  you to give you the  suitable  information you need about me.  But  also I would like to thank you for the very nice prize.
Here  is  some of the information: I would like to travel in July because  the school year ends then  and I will be able to go on vacation. I would prefer to stay in log cabins because I can't sleep outside in a tent. I would be very pleased if I could   practise   basketball and swimming .  I am very good at basketball and I  play  in my  school  team. I know how to swim and dive from high places. I am very keen on both sports.
Of course there are some things that I would like to ask you . If  possible, I would like to know what kind of clothes  I should  take with me , and   finally  how much money  I will  need to have with me.
I am looking forward to hearing from you. Thank you again . 
Yours  Sincerely ,
Dear Kim
I'm writing to tell you about my experience last month.
You know that last month I helped at a pop concert and  I enjoyed  it very much. I did many different kinds of things. First of all I helped with the decoration of the place where the  concert  would take place. Then I helped the dancers with their dance on stage. After that I helped the singers perform and dance together and finally I helped with the lights for the show. It was amazing!   
I had a really great time working with all the pop singers and dancers and  decorators  .  I even met some very interesting people with  whom   I   became  really good friends. What I liked the most was working with the singers, teaching them how to dance and follow some  steps .
This  was  an experience   I'll never forget. I'm looking forward to hearing from you very, very soon.
Your friend
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I'm writing  to  you  to reply  to your letter asking for some more information about me, to give you all the information you need.
First of all you asked when  I would  be able to travel. You ought to know that  it  is possible  (to*/for)  me to go there only in July because I'm going to work the whole  of  August.
Answering the second question ,  I would prefer my  accommodation   to be  in log cabins. The reason is that, in my opinion, they are more comfortable, there's more space and in addition they are warmer.
Providing that you give me the chance to chose two activities ,  I would love to do swimming and singing. I attend    swimming and singing classes twice a week so I'm really good at both.
Finally I would like to ask you about clothes and money. Where will we be able to wash our clothes during the camp? Are we allowed to carry with  us  all the money we wish to?
Don't hesitate to contact me  (for*/with)  any more  questions .
Yours sincerely,
Angeles  
Nowadays shopping is considered one of the most usual and enjoyable activities, especially if you are a woman and you are out to buy clothes. At first sight it is, but shopping is not always enjoyable.
Basing my opinion on my experience ,  I'm going to talk mostly about clothes shopping. There are some points that  give me the reason .
First of all, who is your companion? If you take  your  mum shopping the  right  day ,  she has been  doing housework all day , that will probably end in  argument .
 On the one hand , there's you. You are feeling sick,  or  angry with your boyfriend. How  can  you  pretend  to see in a mirror that anything fits  you well ?
 (In*/On)  the other, you have always to count on unfriendly shop assistants,  not   having   the  size for you or too high prices.
Who would talk now about enjoyable shopping  trips ? I'm sure there would be plenty of people ready to do it.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I'm really happy to know that I won    your competition. And first of all, before  I   ask  for  information  about the  trip , I want to  say     thanks a lot.
I would like to travel in July because  it  is the best  time  to take a break from my work.
 Regarding  the  accommodation , if    possible I would like to stay in  a   tent  because I think  it  is a relaxing place    to stay.  Furthermore  because I like to live in contact with    nature. Also  it  is possible to meet a lot of people, and  to chat  during the night,  perhaps  around the fire, playing a  clutone  and singing .  I think  it  is a nice way to have fun.
I'm really happy to know that  it  is possible to play sports. I would like to play  tennis  and  go  swimming. I choose tennis because  it  is a sport that you can play with  other  people, also because I like  competitive sports . The other sport that I would like to do is swimming. Swimming is my favourite sport because you can relax your body and your mind.
I would like to ask you for further  information  about this  trip .
First of all ,   what  kind of clothes  do  I have to bring with me? How much money  do  I need  for  this  trip ?
Also, if    possible I want to know if there is  any  possibility  of   organising  a trip around the most important cities near the camp? And if during the nights there are  any   entertainments ?
Thanks for all  the   information  .  I'm looking forward to hearing  from  you again.
Yours sincerely,
After the discussion that we had in the  English  class, I understood that a lot of people sometimes don't enjoy    shopping.
I can't understand these people because this    never  happens  to me. By the way ,  usually the people  who  don't like shopping are men or children. I think  it  is difficult to find a woman  who  doesn't like shopping. But I have to admit that sometimes I don't really like shopping ,  above all when I'm tired or when I'm not in the right mood. In fact if I'm not in the right mood I become  irritable  because I can't find anything.
For me,  the best moments for the shopping are two opposite situations .
 For the first situation happen to me,  when I'm  angry  with somebody really close to me like my boyfriend or a  member  of my family, so     to relax     I go    shopping and usually I enjoy  it  a lot.
The opposite situation is when I pass my exams and I really need to buy something    as a  present  for myself.
Dear Mrs. Helen
I'm writing    to answer the questions that you  sent  me in the  last  letter, so  referring  to the question of when I would like to travel, I would like to go anytime during  July , because I have to be  back home in August , because I need to apply and get  everything   sorted  out, to go  (into*/to)  college next  September .
And  referring  to the question  (of*/about)   which  type of accommodation I prefer, I choose a log cabin, because I think that  a  tent is  messier , so I would appreciate  it  if you give me  a  cabin. And my answer to the question  (of*/about)   which  activities I would like to choose, well I choose swimming ,   because   it  is my daily  exercise  ,  and surfing. Anyway I'm not very good  at  surfing but with a little bit of help I know I can  do  it.
Oh,    last I just would like to ask you how  much   clothing    and money I have to bring with me. And well ,  Mrs Helen ,  I would really  appreciate   it  if you  sent  me back a letter with all the answers  (of*/to)  my  questions   .
Thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e-mail,  or  normal mail.
Yours  truly 
Alvaro Ramirez
Dear Kim:
I hope you  are keeping  in great  shape , like you were the last time I saw you . How  is your family ?  I hope everyone is  OK .
Well here in Dublin things  are  still the same, but I think somebody told you that I went to the  Moby  concert here at the  Point  ,   which  is the big  venue  for events and concerts .  I guess it was the best concert I've ever been to, but the coolest thing is that, well do you remember my friend Luke, the one that works as a security guard ? Well  he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage, so I went to help them and  everything  else, and when I  got   (into*/to)  the  Point , do you  know  who was there?  Can you believe it , it was  Moby  . So  I went to say hello to him, and he  asked  me , 'Would you give me a hand with my decks?'  So  I went, and when we finished he gave me a T-shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row . Oh  my  God  ,  Kim ,  that  was  the best thing that ever happened to me . Well  Kim ,  I hope to  receive  a letter from you soon, and please tell everybody about the  Moby  concert and everything, thank you.
See you soon
love
Alvaro
XXXX
13/6/2000-11-07
Dear    Helen Ryan
First of all, we  are  happy to  have  won the first prize  (on*/in)  your competition. Thank you for  choosing  our ticket  at the final .
We  would  like to go  (on*/in)  July, because my wife Catrin  just have holidays next month . We  would  prefer the last two weeks  (on*/in)  July. Would that be fine for you too?
Is there a  chance  to stay in a log cabin. I  sometimes have   trouble  with backache when I  can't  sleep on a flat  surface .
It would be great if we  could   choose  swimming and  golf . My wife Catrin is a local  champion   (on*/in)  swimming  races .  I'm  not so good as her, but  I go   once every week  to her training  session .  (In*/At)   golf , we are both total beginners. We have no experience but we  would  like to learn this game.
We are both a little  worried  .  What  kind of clothes and shoes  do  we have to take    with us?  What will the temperature be   (on*/in)  the summer season in this area?  Is  there  any  possibility  we could   rent      golf shoes ?
Finally, we  would  like to know   when you will send us the  airline tickets  and the  brochure . Moreover,     how much money do you think we will spend  on this trip ? 
We  are  looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours  sincerely 
Leon Hofmann
13/6/2000
Dear Kim
Thank you very much for your last lovely letter. I'm fine. How are you?
You are  interested   (on*/in)  my last job! I really  want  to tell you all  about  my experience.
However, I'm happy that we  have finished  this hard work. I worked in a team  (by*/of)  seven people. We were mainly     working   (for*/on)  all the lights at this great concert.  It  sounds easy, just  doing  the  lighting .
In addition, it was    nine days  of  hard work to mount all the different spot and  hundreds  of Coblights  (on*/in)  the right place.
Finally, we  worked  the  whole  night  before  the concert. We had to adjust the laser  extremely   carefully    to get it in  the correct position. We spent hours  on this  till it was good enough for the  technical manager . Moreover, the band was exhausted  (about*/by)  this great laser show  (at*/in)  the end.
For me  this adventure was one of the best . It shows  that , when all  members  of a group work hard together, you can  achieve  a lot.
 I think I can't forgotten this experience on my mind 
Lots of Love
Leon
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing this letter to tell you the  information  you need and to ask you one or two questions.
I would like to come in  July  because I work  (in*/for)  a big company where you have to take your holiday in  that  month.
For the  accommodation  at Camp California, I  would  prefer to have a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent, and in case  there   is  a big storm with    heavy rain  .  A log cabin's  more resistant than a tent.
For the activities, I chose climbing because I took  a   course   (during*/for)  2 weeks last year and now I have a good level  of proficiency  .  For  the other one I chose photography but I am not a  professional , I just take some pictures  (in*/on)  my holiday!
I have a little question .  Could  you tell me    how  much  money I need to take with me, and  what  kind of clothes?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I'm writing this letter to tell you  about  my good experience at a pop concert, last month.
When I  arrived , I was a bit afraid because I did not know what I had to do, but a very nice girl told me that my first job was  to look  for people  who  felt bad and to guide them to the  nurse . I did that  for  two hours  .  This  first job was sometimes a bit boring but I felt like someone who  saves  people, so I was really happy!
My second  job  was to take the money  (at*/from)  the bars and to  take   it   (in*/to)  a little room where I could see the  pop stars   walking  in the corridor. I was very excited when I could see a star!  Next  weekend I have  a date  with one  of  them, but I  won't  tell you the name because you'll  feel   jealous ! Maybe I will tell you  (on*/in)  the next letter!
See you soon
Best wishes
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am writing to say how happy I am to be able to take part  (of*/in)  "Camp California in the USA". I would like to inform you that I am able to go there only in July. I am finishing my  studies  in June, then I have a month off (July) and on August 1st I am starting a new job.
I would prefer to  stay  in a tent during your camp. I have always dreamt about sleeping in a tent, in sleeping bags, but my  parents  always took me to expensive hotels, so it would be a nice adventure for me.
During the camp I would like to  practise  my swimming (I have attended swimming lessons for 3 years) and also I would like to learn how to  take  some good photos. (I have no experience!)
I would be really glad if you could tell me something about clothes I should bring with me. (Do I need any special garments?) and could you tell me please, if I need some extra money to pay for anything like trips or photo-paper.
I am looking forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully,
Shopping could be fun! Sometimes I like doing it during long Sundays. I like going between colourful  shelves  and picking some nice things for dinner or for decorating our house with. I love talking with my mum during shopping, meeting new people or old friends.
Sometimes ,   unfortunately  shopping  can  be very annoying, especially at  Christmas  or Easter time. Then, all shops and supermarkets are crowded. People are trying to buy as many things as they can, and everyone wants to be first to the check-out - you have to wait ages to get there! People are pushing each other, they are not as kind as  usual . You have to be more careful and hold your bag tightly because this is a good period for all thieves (they know they can steal something without having been seen!) At Christmas or Easter time all shops  usually have  an unpleasant smell (because of the crowd) and are very noisy!
Another period when I don't like doing shopping is when there is a huge sale! I always go absolutely crazy when I have to do shopping then! You cannot  breathe , you cannot see anything apart from a bulk of shouting women and men who want to get something cheaper!
Next,  another  not very enjoyable thing about shopping is spending money! When I go to the big supermarkets I always spend more than I was going to. You just cannot  resist  buying another bottle of body lotion or another box of soap because they smell so nice can you?! I always become very angry with myself afterwards, but I cannot help it.
In my opinion, shopping could be really enjoyable! The only advice would be: "Do not do your shopping at  Christmas  or Easter time" - but it will not make any sense, will it? So you just have to get used to it, and enjoy your shopping for the rest    of the year!
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I received your letter ,  which says I won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. I  appreciate   that  and I thank you  sincerely   for   having  chosen me as a winner. I  accept     and I want to inform you that I can travel only  (on*/in)  July because I have booked my  annual  leave  for  that period. Also, I prefer to stay in tents because I have memories from my childhood. Every  year  my parents used to  send  me     (at*/to)  Camps  (on*/in)  the mountains so I would like to stay for a while in the same  type of  accommodation   and environment. Also, I prefer swimming and painting. I started to learn how to swim when I was 7 years old. My parents  took  me to the  seaside  every weekend so I  got  used to  being   (inside*/in)  the water all    seasons. I have taken part in races twice in my life, where I was successful. Also, I  have liked  painting from  an   early  age, and I have taken part in a public exhibition, where I won    first prize. I would like to ask how much money I should have with me  and  where can I keep  it ? What about the clothes ? You  don't mention anything  about them . Do I need something special or  can I wear  ordinary clothes?
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I would like to write about  the  experience that I had   when I enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my neighbourhood.
I am a member  (in*/of)  the council team so I decided to help them at a pop concert that was organized    last month. I helped them to prepare the room for the  bands  and I decorated the place for the singers. Also, I  helped  them to choose the right instruments and to test them. It took a long time to  test  the speakers and the microphones.  Apart from  this preparation, I also  helped out   (to*/during)  the concert. I helped them to <NS type="MV"></NS> the music and    the songs. It was  quite a  difficult  job  but I got  some  very good experience. I  realised  it when the concert had finished. The  audience  was excited and I cannot  describe  my  happiness . It was  something  that I didn't expect. Also, it  was   the  first time in my life. I still have the sound of the music in my ears and the voices of the young people who were  accompanying  our songs. I enjoyed  it  very much and I want to  convey  my  pleasure  to you  through  this letter.
yours sincerely
Dear Madam:
How delighted I was when I  received  your letter!
About the information required, I would like to go in July because  it  is my half term at  university  and  summertime  would be ideal.
 Regarding  accommodation ,  I would rather  stay  in a tent .  I want to enjoy  the   wildlife  and admire the landscape.
 As regards  leisure activities, my  favourite   is  Basketball, which I have been playing for two years ,  because I have been selected for my  university  team and I think  some  time practising with players from different countries will help me develop my skills at  an  international level.
Secondly, I would like to  play  tennis, which is my hobby and I think it helps my mind to keep working.
I would like to ask you how much money    I need, how  the weather is  ,  in order to pack the necessary  clothing  ,  and  whether  I need  anything  else.
Yours sincerely.
Dear Kim:
What a fantastic experience I had helping my favourite group!
You wouldn't believe it! I was working helping to  build  and dismantle the stage . Sometimes  I had to check the sound by saying something  (on*/into)  the microphone . That  was my chance and I always pretended to be a singer and that I  sang  in  a   duet  with the vocalist of the group . It  was such    great fun!
But the most exciting part of my job, and the one that I was looking forward to, was the last night of  the  concert, because all the staff were promised    a party with all the members of the band. That night was the best of my entire life.
I  am sending  you some pictures, the best ones  only  because there were some quite  embarrassing   ones .
I hope you like them and I am already waiting for your next letter.
Yours faithfully
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have just received your letter where you inform me I have won the first prize in the competition and now   I'd like to express my opinion about the questions you have written  (on*/in)  it.
First of all, I would like to travel only in the month of July, because during the month of June   I'm going to work and in September I have to study a lot, because school will start <NS type="M"></NS>.  Regarding  accommodation, between tents and log cabins, I  would  prefer  a   tent , because I love    adventure and also because I can be freer.
I know I will have the chance to do two activities, so I have  chosen  two from your list:  basketball , because I have been playing it since I was eight and I have been  part   (in*/of)  a strong team for three years.
The other one I have  chosen  is swimming; for the same reason why I chose  basketball . But, what about clothes, money, food?
I hope you will take my answers into consideration. Thank you for now.
Yours  sincerely 
Simone Pausini
Many people "see"    shopping  as  an amusement, but I think  it's not always a good translation to give it . In my opinion    shopping is often  fun , above all when you can enter  a shop without difficulties . For  example , if the shop is full of people,  it  is not enjoyable, because they will create too  much  confusion, too  much  noise  with the risk of   wasting  time. Shopping is a  fun  thing to do, not when you are in a hurry, but when you have  some  free time and when you can relax   . Another thing that  occurs   to  me, is that I enjoy  myself  more when I know I have to  go  shopping for  myself  than when it's for my parents or for somebody else!!!
Tito Torres Vargas
ELIZABETH GASKELL COLLEGE
Manchester, UK
Helen Ryan
Competition Organizer
Dear Madam,
Thank you for this great opportunity to travel with you for free! I entered the competition you organized but never expected to be the lucky winner.
I could only travel  (on*/in)  the first week of July because I have to join my parents on their trip to Italy, due to start on the 20th.
The  accommodation  that best suits me is  the   log cabin , as the space in tents is very limited and I am not used to  having  all my belongings in order and packed at all times.
 With regard to  the activities you offer, it is difficult to choose  (in*/from)  such a  huge  variety, but I prefer to do those I  know better   such  as climbing. I've been studying Photography on my own, and I am looking forward to  practising  new techniques and  taking  pictures of new landscapes.
Please send me a list of the items I  may  need there, including the most appropriate clothes for the  American  weather. I would also like to know in advance the amount of money I need to bring for expenses that will not be included.
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Most of us would agree on that. Who has never had a bad experience related  (with*/to)  an unsatisfactory product? Moreover, who has the freedom to buy  whatever they need on an unlimited budget ? And finally who has all the time needed to do so?
There are many things that can go wrong in the process of  acquiring  a product or service. And whenever money is involved, some problems are likely to  arise . Thieves will try to put their hands in our wallets and purses, and even the  so-called  'plastic money' is not always safe.
Hunting on the  high street , or the  shopping malls    for the desired bargain - because we  can't  afford  to buy anything otherwise  -  often becomes  a desperate  attempt  to  attain a lifestyle  promoted by the new  consumerist  society. And nobody can say they would rather go back to the  stone  age  when  money was not even invented.
With more free time and more money to spend than ever, shopping is a great activity, but when this creates bad habits  such  as overspending,  it  could lead to serious problems.
 In the end   everything  depends  (in*/on)  our  attitude  to life, including shopping. I particularly enjoy making lists of the products <NS type="M"></NS> before going shopping. But even without money to spend  it  is fun to rush from time to time  (in*/through)  the sales that  seasonally  appear, or simply look at the superb displays that shops have in their showrooms.
Shopping may be enjoyable or not at all!
Dear Sir/Madam,
I have received your letter and I would like to reply  (for*/to)  it.
To begin with, I can join the camp only in July. My school starts a summer  holiday  from 1st July and I am going to take a summer course from August. Therefore, I would like to travel in the middle of July. I also would    prefer log cabins for accommodation. It seems more comfortable than tents.
Secondly, I would like to choose Swimming and Tennis  as  activities. I  belonged  to a swimming club and I got second prize in a competition last summer. I am good at tennis as well as swimming.
Finally, I would like to ask you about clothes and money. What  sort  of clothes should I  pack ? According to your letter, all travel costs are included in your service, however, how much pocket money do I need?
I would be grateful if you would give me more information.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
Rie Tanizaki
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
Most people like shopping.  It is one of the hobbies for women especially . Basically, shopping is fun, but is it always enjoyable?
There are some advantages when people go shopping. They can  relax , reduce  their  stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted. Moreover, if they buy some nice things at  a  sale, they must be very satisfied.
However, shopping sometimes  makes  them  stressed . People often waste money  (for*/on)   worthless  things. Then, they really regret it. On the other hand, after they buy something, they find a better one. In addition, a shop assistant gives them    wrong advice.
To sum up, there are many disadvantages as well as advantages. If people want to enjoy shopping,  they  must consider before  buying  something - do I really want it? I also recommend    window shopping. It is the best way to enjoy shopping. You do not have to waste money at all.
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter. I am very happy to be the winner of the competition and I am looking forward to  coming  to Camp California.
I hope there will be no problem if I travel in July, as this is the only free period I have.  (From*/In)  August,   , I will start    a new job and I will not be able to  leave  Rome for a long  time .
As far as accommodation is concerned, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin, because tents are too hot for me.
I am also pleased to have the chance to do some activities and I would like to choose something I am not able to do   . So, I have decided to  choose  photography and surfing because I am an absolute beginner at both of them.
Please let me know  what   the climate is like  at the  camp , so that I can take with me the right kind of clothes. It would  also be  useful for me to know if there will be  any  extra expenses, in order to take enough money for two weeks.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Vittoria Santini
Being a woman, I naturally love shopping. It is a really great pleasure going in and out  (from*/of)  different shops,  trying  on a variety of clothes and shoes, and finally  going  back home with dozens of bags in your hands.
However, there are a few  times      when  you cannot enjoy shopping. The first one is the Christmas period. Shops are incredibly crowded. You cannot try on a dress and decide to buy it ,  or not in peace, because outside there is a queue of people waiting for their turn. In many cases, you do not even find the things you want, because  the  shops run out of products very quickly. Moreover, during this period, prices are usually much higher than in the other  months .
Another situation in which shopping is not enjoyable   is when you go shopping with a man. For the majority of men, in fact, shopping is the most boring activity in the world. A man will try to prevent you from trying more than one dress  on  and will refuse to stay in the same shop for more than five minutes.
Anyway, apart from these two cases, shopping is always very amusing.
Dear Ms. Helen Ryan:
I am very happy to know I won the prize  (for*/of)  two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I think I would like to travel only in July because at that time I am going to be free to travel because of my  school holidays .
I would rather  stay  in  a   tent , because I have stayed in tents before and I liked  it  . It  is more  pleasant  than  staying  in log cabins and it is such a wonderful experience.
 Referring   (about*/to)  sports ,  I would choose swimming and basketball, because when I was a child I used to swim a lot, I won a lot of prizes and I went to a lot of competitions. About basketball, I would say I like  to play it  as well because it was my favourite sport in highschool .  I was not as good  at it  as  I was at  swimming but I like it.
I think I do not have anything to ask you, I just want to thank you for everything.
Yours sincerely.
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
I agree that shopping is not always  enjoyable  because a lot of things  can   happen   to  you.
I remember when I was younger I used to go with my mom  to the stores shopping  but I did not like it, because I found  it  boring to buy clothes ,  spending a lot of hours in a  shopping centre .
Another bad thing  was  the enormous queues in the supermarkets . It  is incredible how  much  time you can spend in there.
 Last  month  there  was a robbery in a  shopping centre  next to my house . Somebody  stole a lady's purse with all her  identification , credit cards and cash, even    her  plane  ticket. Therefore she had to do a lot of  tramits  to  cancel   her  credit cards and to change her  plane  ticket. Unlucky lady.
To sum up I would say that even  if  shopping is not    enjoyable we have to do it because we do not have another option.
Dear Sir,
After having read your letter, I  am writing  to you to inform you that I would like to travel in July. It is the only month  that  I don't work. As for the  accommodation  ,  I would prefer a tent .  There's  nothing like hearing raindrops on canvas at night!
Last but not least, I would like to go sailing and climbing. I have sailed  a little  in my youth but have never  been  climbing. It would be a fun  experience ! Will I be needing any money ?  Please send me a list of  required  clothes and/or supplies. Thank you very much.
Yours sincerely,
Gilbert Neville
P.S.
I would like to know if there is a medical staff present during the two weeks .  Does any medication <NS type="M"></NS> have to be declared to them?  In the event of   an   accident , will the transport back home be paid for?
Why  is it that shopping is sometimes unenjoyable ?
First of all, it depends on who is with you and what the other person likes to shop for.
Some people are boring to shop with, they don't talk or comment  on  anything they see. Why would anyone shop with that type of person? Well, I really don't know. Women, in  particular , have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see. If it is something they like, they always have to try it on. We all know how it is when a woman  tries  on some clothes (usually several  items ) but  that's  still better than when we're talking about shoes! That has to be the worst. Seeing or imagining a woman in the  clothes  she chooses can at least help when  you   are  bored, but shoes are just shoes. Shopping for them is a very long and tiring  process . It seems to last forever and just when you think she's done, she spots  another  pair.
Shopping  in my opinion  is supposed to be a very  quick   process . As soon as someone else is with you, it can become horrible!
Dear Miss Helen
I have just  received  your letter and I'm very happy  because of  it, especially  because  the competition was so hard.
Being at Camp California was one of  the  dreams of my life and now I can  realise  it.
Firstly, I could  spend   these  two weeks during next July only, because, before and after it, I have to  work  as a waiter here in my town.
However, about accommodation, I'd prefer a log cabin,  because  it is more  comfortable  than  a  tent. All the activities indicated in your letter are great for me but I prefer tennis and surfing, because I'm used to playing tennis    every  weekend  and I'm very keen  (to*/on)  surfing. I'm a good tennis player and a big surfer too.
Lastly, I'm interested  (about*/in)  the  law  schools in California . They  are very famous here.
I would like to know if I will visit at least one of them.
I look forward to seeing you soon.
Yours faithfully
Dear Kim
This is a  precise  letter that I write  to  you now. I'm very happy and lazy at the same time.
Last month I visited Tom, another old friend, and he told me  I could   work  with him  as   a  musician at the XZY pop concert. "This is extraordinary", I said.
Firstly, I was very  embarrassed  during the concert, but all the staff were very  kind   (with*/to)  me and Tom too. This  was  the most important experience in my life, I knew all the people, in    particular the famous singer "Kos". He is funny and  easy going . During the concert, I was near the <unknown/> and opposite there was "Pipe" the biggest <unknown/>  (of*/in)  the world. It's very difficult describing all  the   emotions  I felt. I can only tell  you  that  it  had been an important experience for me and for my new songs. Excuse me Kim, but I'm so nervous that I  won't  be able to write  even  this letter   .
I hope to  hear   from  you soon
Your best friend
Dear Miss Ryan,
I am writing in reply to your letter   informing me that I have won  a  prize in your competition which is two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I am really pleased to hear that the prize includes accommodation. I would like to stay in a tent, because I have been camping nearly every summer since my childhood and I really love it.
I would be really happy if I could  choose   singing  and  photography   from     activities you have  listed . Singing has been my only hobby since I was 5. I could say that I am quite good at it.  Also , I used to assist my brother, who is a  professional  photographer , so     I consider myself  fairly experienced .
I would like to ask you whether going there in July is possible. I am afraid that July is the only  possible  month, because I am due to start work in August.
Finally, I would like to ask you for further information about  the  spending allowance and the clothes which I  should   take .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
I'm sorry I haven't written for so long but  I've been quite busy just recently.
Last month, I helped  out  at a pop concert ,  which I really enjoyed. The singer   who  performed    wasn't one of my favourites, but having the opportunity to experience being  a   member of staff  there   was just amazing. I was just behind the stage. I was supposed to help my friend with the lights, so    I could see all  the   crowd screaming like mad . I even saw crying girls   who were trying to reach the  pop singer .
Do you know what Kim, I've never thought before   that enjoying yourself like this   could be weirdly <NS type="MJ"></NS>. I think you never realize this   until you're not a part of the crowd. But I'm really happy   that I had even  a  small role in  helping  people  enjoy  themselves. I mean, all  those  flashing lights,  with   their changing colours , I believe they helped  a lot . Even though I was just telling my friend what the next composition of colours was, I consider myself  to have been  very  successful .
And finally, the greatest news :  I was introduced to the singer by my friend, who works for him. This was maybe the best part of being there. He was so nice and he even gave me his picture  with  his signature on it. I suppose   I will never forget that night.
That's about all my news, I'm looking forward  to  hearing from you.
Lots of love,
 Dear   Mrs  Helen Ryan,
First of all I would like to thank you for giving me the  opportunity  to travel. You asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart, the  accommodation  I would like to have and so on.
Travelling in July, I have to say, would be perfect for me because  my birthday is on  the 24th of  that  month and I wish     to spend  my  birthday   in the best way  possible, so  that  means there.
I also would prefer to sleep  (into*/in)   tents ,  which are more comfortable ,  and, because I have been doing lots of  camping , I am quite used to this kind of  accommodation .
The activities I have  chosen  both represent a  passion  for me. Painting and swimming are my  ways  to  have  a good time ,  especially on holiday.
I    have a question for you to answer :  please could you tell  me  how much money do I need to bring with me?
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
 Although  it is not always enjoyable, people are shopping more and more .  It  is very fashionable  those times . They do not always buy lots of things, but I think most of them do.
Even people who haven't got lots of money go shopping   . Is it enjoyable to walk around shops, looking at nice  things , without having enough money to  buy   them ? Is it enjoyable to go shopping when it is  rush hour  or when it is very hot ,  in summer for instance?
Enjoying shopping isn't  a  reason for doing  it . I think people either go shopping  to relax  because they may have lots of problems or to meet other people, to feel they belong to a group of human  beings .
Dear Miss Ryan,
I am very glad  to have received  your letter, and very happy  to have won  first prize in your competition. I am writing to answer your question and ask  for  further information.
First of all, I am a high school student, so I only have four  weeks'  vacation  (on*/in)  July. I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July. Secondly, for me, the best way to live in  the   outdoors  is in tents, because that  is  a good chance to  acquire  a lot of knowledge about  the  planets and  the  animals as well.
Moreover, I am good at  playing  basketball . In  fact, I am the captain in  the  basketball team ,  which is one of the best  teenage   teams  in my city, and I also like singing. I play piano very well. Two of my friends and I have a band . We  sometimes perform in my school club.
Could you tell me something about  the  clothes and money which    I need to take with me.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Suitable lessons and activities
To: Mrs Oliviar
From: HUA TANG
date: 13th June
Introduction: The aim of this report is to  summarize  the  right  lessons and activities  to be  filmed.
Lessons: 1 Music
Music is  a  traditional  subject  in our school . Everyone  in our school can play at least one  instrument , so music  lessons  should be  filmed     to  show  music is  part  of our  school's  daily  life .
2. Maths
According to  a  survey which  has   been conducted  by  other  students , every  student in our school has one  maths  class  every day . So, maths  lessons   should  be filmed.
activities. Basketball
Our school basketball team is one of the best  teenage   teams  in our city, and every afternoon students are all  playing  basketball in  the  playground. So, basketball should be filmed.
 Conclusion 
 To sum  up,  the daily life in our school should film  music class, maths class and  students  playing basketball.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you for your letter. I am very pleased to see that I  have won  the first prize in your competition. I am going to answer your questions.
Firstly, I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because I have some holidays during  that  month. I am working the rest of this summer.
For the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in a log cabin because I think it is probably more comfortable. I think we are going to be tired so I prefer to sleep comfortably.
You also asked me about two activities. I choose singing because I love singing and I  have been  in a choir for 7 years now. I also choose climbing. Unfortunately I am not so good  (in*/at)  it. But I would take the opportunity to improve   .
In addition, I have some questions. I would like to know  what  sort of clothes we have to take with us and also how much money is necessary.
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future.
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Our life    today is  increasingly about consumption . You always find more shops and they are open even  later . You can't live without shopping but shopping is not always enjoyable.
Firstly, if you try to do your shopping during the rush hour, it could be very difficult. Everybody is stressed .  You  have to  join  the queue. It is not  pleasant  at all.
In addition, everything is now so expensive that you have to compare the prices. You have to find which shop offers you good quality products for a good price.  Sometimes  some goods are expensive but of a very bad quality. And it is not an easy task if you have to complain about the quality. Most of the time the shop assistant doesn't believe you.
In conclusion, I can say that shopping is not the most enjoyable task you could find. Of course you also have some good aspects but most of the time it is very unpleasant. You could try to do your shopping via  the  Internet. Perhaps you will find  it  less  inconvenient .
13/JUNE/2000
DEAR HELEN RYAN,
FIRST OF ALL ,  I WOULD LIKE TO THANK YOU FOR GIVING ME  THE   NEWS   (OF*/ABOUT)  MY PRIZE.  REGARDING  YOUR QUESTIONS I WOULD RESPOND THAT JULY WOULD BE THE MONTH I COULD GO TO THE CAMP,    BECAUSE MY JOB FINISHES AT THE END OF JUNE. THAT WAY I SHOULD HAVE PLENTY OF TIME AVAILABLE FOR THE CAMP.
 TO ANSWER      YOUR  NEXT QUESTION, I  WOULD  RATHER STAY  (AT*/IN)  A LOG CABIN .  THE THING IS ,  I HAVE  A   PHOBIA   (TOWARDS*/ABOUT)  INSECTS AND MY DOCTOR  RECOMMENDED   THAT  I SHOULD SLEEP IN  AN ENCLOSED  AREA.
 REGARDING  THE QUESTION YOU  ASKED  ABOUT ACTIVITIES MY ANSWER WOULD BE CLIMBING AND SWIMMING. I CHOOSE  THESE  TWO ACTIVITIES BECAUSE I USED TO  DO  THEM  A  LONG TIME AGO AND BESIDES I WOULD SAY I HAVE THE SKILLS AND ABILITY TO  DO  THEM.
ONE MORE  THING  THAT  IS CONCERNING ME  AND  WHICH  YOU DIDN'T MENTION. I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU IF IT'S  NECESSARY  TO TAKE MONEY, FOOD AND CLOTHES WITH ME.
WITH NOTHING FURTHER  TO ADD , I WOULD LIKE TO THANK YOU ONCE AGAIN
YOURS SINCERELY
AMIDIO S.
STUDENT REPORT
NOW THAT THE STUDENTS HAVE  GATHERED   TOGETHER  THIS YEAR TO MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT THE BEST LESSONS AND ACTIVITIES THAT WE HAVE IN SCHOOL,   EVERYTHING   POSSIBLE  OF COURSE WITH HELP OF TEACHER MS. WESTBROOK .
IT WOULD BE MY SUGGESTION TO THE PRODUCERS OF THIS VIDEO THAT THEY SHOULD     FOCUS   (IN*/ON)  OUR WRITING AND  CULTURE  LESSONS. FOR  CULTURE  LESSONS WE DON'T NEED TO GO SO  FAR  BACK IN  TIME  ;  FOR THE LAST 60 YEARS OUR  CULTURE   HAS  BEEN CHANGING ENORMOUSLY  AND  WE CAN TALK ABOUT COMPUTERS, WARS, CARS, WEAPONS, ETC....
STUDENTS SHOULD BE AWARE  (ABOUT*/OF)  WHAT'S HAPPENING  (WITH*/IN)  THEIR LIVES ,   SHOULDN'T  THEY?
MY NEXT SUGGESTION WOULD BE SPORTS.  ALTHOUGH  LOTS OF PEOPLE DON'T  BELIEVE  IT,  OUR SCHOOL HAS A SPORTING IMAGE  .  I THINK THE VIDEO WOULD  ENCOURAGE  STUDENTS TO DO SPORTS AND BE GOOD  ATHELETES . BESIDES ,  THAT WOULD KEEP US  AWAY FROM  DRUGS, DON'T YOU THINK   ?
THANKS.
AMIDIO S.
Dear Sir or Madam
I have just received your letter. I was glad to know I had won first prize in the competition and I am writing to reply  (for*/about)  the camp.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because I have to return to my University in the middle of August.
 Another  consideration was accommodation. I think it is more comfortable to stay in log cabins than in tents, so I would prefer log cabins.
According to your letter, I can choose two activities to do at the Camp. I would like to choose painting ,  which I have been doing for 12 years ,  and tennis. However, I am not very good at playing tennis, so could you tell me if I can learn at the camp?
Please could you also let me know if I need to take special clothes with me?
I would be grateful if you  could  phone me or send me a letter again at your earliest convenience. I look forward to the camp in the U.S.A.
Yours faithfully
Cry Freedom
'Cry Freedom' is about the blacks and whites of South Africa. The main characters of this book are Stephen Biko, a black leader, and Donald Woods who is a white newspaper editor. Woods is thought to stand for all    white  people  and this book could have an influence on them.
In the first part of this book it can be seen  that  Woods is not on the side of the blacks although he didn't approve of the government's attitude  (to*/towards)  them. In some ways, he did not agree with "Black Consciousness" which is Biko's organization because it was too much against the whites. Woods thought he knew the black society quite well and understood their ordeals, but after he had met Biko and visited a black township, he realized he had been completely unaware of the way they had to live. The people and the circumstances he experienced in the black township were such a new world to him. Finally he changed his ideas and started to work for the blacks using his skill as a journalist . In  other words, he became an activist for the black people of South Africa.
Although Biko was killed and Woods himself was declared a banned person, I would dare to say their sacrifices were worthwhile because Woods succeeded in escaping from South Africa which would enable him to publish his book revealing the truth about South Africa to the world.
In short, Cry Freedom deserves to be recommended and once you read it, you will want to read it again. Most of all, this book will make you think about the prejudice you have.
Dear Mrs. Ryan:
I am writing because I received your letter saying that I won first prize, a two week holiday at Camp California in  the  U.S.A, and that you need further information from me.
Firstly, I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July, because  it  is the only month I have holidays in.
Secondly, I would like to stay in a log cabin because I think they're more comfortable than    tents, also because I don't like to sleep in tents very much, I think they're very cold during the night
About the activities, I have chosen basketball because I enjoy playing it, and also because I know  how to play very well . I used to be the captain of the  basketball team  in my school, because I was the best  player , and I think I can still remember how to play. The second activity I chose was tennis .  I am not so good, but I know how to play .  I have played several times with my friends.
To finish I would like to ask you for toiletries like ,  for example ,  shampoo, soap, etc.  So  that I don't have to carry them in my luggage .  I think they would just occupy extra space.
Another thing I would like to ask you for   is money. I think it will be an expensive trip and I don't have enough money to pay for it. Nevertheless I need money for restaurants and  the souvenirs that I can buy in the Camp.
I think that's all, and I look  forward  to hearing from you soon.
Yours Sincerely,
Santiago Rico S
Shopping is not always  enjoyable  because of several  factors .
One could be when you go into a shop and you    find something that you like, and you decide to buy it, but when you see the price, you find out that it's too  expensive , and you cannot afford to buy it. The only thing you    say is, "If I had more money, I would buy it", or "I wish I had more money."
Another factor could be when you are in a shop and you are not    attended  to  . The  people that work in the shop are doing other things   and cannot help you, so you have to look for the things you want to buy  on your own . I think this is a common problem in shops, and that's why sometimes people leave the shop without buying anything, and I  think  the solution would be to hire more workers.
The third and last factor would be when you like a certain type of clothes, and you don't find any of that kind. You just find the type of clothes you would never wear. This  situation  is very annoying for most    people, and that's what makes shopping  unenjoyable .
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
Thank you for your letter letting me know that I've won first prize in your competition. It came as a nice surprise.
I would like to let you know that I can only travel in July because that is the only time I can take  off  from work. I would prefer to stay in the log cabins as I would be afraid of insects or any crawling animals if I  had  to stay in the tent.
For activities   , I would like to choose Tennis and swimming. I used to play Tennis at tournament level and now I play it for enjoyment instead. Swimming is my  favourite  way of  exercising  and keeping fit.
I've a few questions to ask. Since all accommodation and travel costs are paid for,  are  there any other expenses that I have to  meet ? How much money  should I  have with me in order to cover all other expenses? Furthermore, what type of clothes  should I  bring?
I would be grateful if you could let me  have  the above information as soon as possible. Thank you once again for giving me  this  good news!
Yours sincerely,
I find shopping is  very  time consuming. If I want to buy a nice pair of  shoes ,  I have  to go into a city centre and browse around from  shop to shop  until I find the shoes I like. If I'm not lucky enough to find  them , then  I have  to take a train    to a larger shopping   place   such as London.
Whilst in London ,  I'll be facing crowds and people will be rushing everywhere. To walk around London streets looking for a pair of  shoes  can definitely be a tiring task. As I'm a compulsive buyer, I'd probably  end  up buying other things as well.
At the end of the day, I would not only be carrying  a  pile of shopping bags but also trying to squeeze in between other passengers on the train on my way home.
By the time I  got  home, I would be completely exhausted. As you can see, shopping is not always enjoyable.
Dear Mrs    Ryan,
I received your letter this morning. I am very pleased to hear that I have won first prize in your competition.  You can find  further  information from me about Camp California in the USA .
First of all I  can  go to Camp California only  in  July because I will start working  (in*/at)  our local leisure centre as a swimming  instructor  <NS type="M"></NS> . 
And I would like to  choose  swimming  as an   activity  at the camp. My second  choice  is painting because I love  watercolour  painting and I am a member of the     watercolour  painting club in my town.
I would like to stay in  a  log  cabin  because I  have had  bad  experiences   (about*/with)  tents. I do not like to stay in such a small  space .
Lastly, I would like to know how much money I should bring with me ,  and could you give me  an   idea  about what I must bring  in the way of  clothes and what I do not need   .
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
Shopping is Not  Enjoyable  Anymore
We are all  customers  of the big supermarkets .  They have all  that  we need   . They are a bit far from town but they have huge  car parks . They give us lots of  choice  to buy what we need    and what we can  try for .
Also they  have  lots of  special offers   (for*/on)  everything ,   you can even  join their  clubs  for extra discount. It  seems  wonderful  doesn't  it ? 
But when we  think   about   it   seriously  ,  shopping is not enjoyable ,  for example ,  if you forget something that  you  need for  a   salad . You have to go back  to   the  supermarket and find  the  nearest parking space ,  then before someone takes the    last fresh lemon for your  salad  ,  you must find  out  where  the lemon section is  ,     because they love  to change  the store  around  again and again. When you get your lemon you have to go to queue to  pay for the lemon .
 As   this  shows ,  shopping  has  become  one of  our dislikes, because of the huge supermarkets.
June. 13. 2000
Competition Organization.
Dear Sir or  Madam ,
 I'd  appreciate  for giving me  the first prize in the competition. It's my pleasure to give you some information and I'd like to ask you about the Camp California.
First of all, I'd like to travel only in July because I'm supposed to be a volunteer  (in*/at)  the Music festival, held in August.
Additionally, I'd rather stay in tents as I've never slept in tents before. Therefore it'll be a great experience for me.
I'd like to choose swimming and photography as activities. I go swimming three times a week so I have no problem with swimming. I'm also  a  member of  the  photography club at my university and really keen on taking a picture of nature.
By the way, I'm wondering what kinds of clothes I should  pack  and how much  much  I should bring with  me . I'll look forward to hearing answers from you.
Yours faithfully,
YEUN-Ja. HONG
The suggestion about making a short video.
Introduction
The aim of this report is to  summarize  the  results  of the survey, which is about making a short video.
The survey was  carried out   to  300 students, who are between 18-28, at our school.
 Preferred  lessons.
   70% of students said that the acting lesson should be filmed as the students   attending this lesson, are not only excited but also very active. Additionally, 15% of students answered  that  they want the presentation lesson to be filmed. The reason why they choose this lesson is that every student in their turn  (of*/at)  presentation does his or her best.
 Preferred  activities.
The soccer game, played every Monday, was ranked  as  the most  popular  activity by 45%  of  students. They said the soccer game  enables  them to get together and have fun. However, the  girls would  rather play table tennis or badminton.  Hicking  activity was chosen by 20%  of  students, followed by the soccer.
Conclusion.
To sum up, according to the survey, it's obvious that more than half of  the  students want  the  acting lesson to be filmed. Moreover, it seems that the students prefer the soccer  game  to be filmed.
Dear Ms. Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter. I was really amazed to have actually won first prize after years of unsuccessfully entering competitions!
In connection with the questions you asked, please find my answers as follows:
- I  would  prefer to travel in July as this is the only time I can take my annual leave.
- As far as accommodation is concerned, I would prefer the log cabin due to the fact that I am not a teenager any more and crawling in and out of a tent has become  awkward   (to*/for)  me.
- My choice of sports are swimming and tennis. Swimming has always been my favourite sport and I can say that I have become an excellent swimmer over the years. Tennis I only started four years ago, but have found that I am quite talented at it, having won several competitions during the last two years or so.
Please let me know if meals are included and if not  what  facilities are offered in the way of restaurants or self-catering.
Looking forward to hearing from you,
I remain,
Yours sincerely
The book Cry Freedom by John Briley is certainly one which will take its place in South African history. Therefore, I think it is a  historical  document which will remain of interest and which will be read again and again,  by non-South Africans as well as South Africans .
Generations of young South Africans ,  black, white or brown ,  will be reminded of one of the worst times their country went through. Steve Biko and Donald Woods will be remembered always. Steve Biko for becoming a martyr to the black freedom movement of  those  dark years  - a  peaceful man who was caught up in the  wiles  of the apartheid regime, dying such a violent death. Donald Wood for literally  jumping over his own shadow  and risking his life and that of his family in the process of reporting the vile crimes of the SA. police force. In the end he had to leave the country of his birth to escape imprisonment.
It is my firm  belief  that this book will remain a  work  of literature which will not lose its  relevance    in a world where people are hounded for their colour or religion.
Dear Ms, Ryan,
Thank you for your letter  informing  me  (for*/about)  the  prize  I had won.
I would like to answer     your   questions  . Please   note  that I can travel only in July because only then  can I  take holidays from my work, after the busy time  (of*/in)   the   months   of  May and June.
I prefer to  stay  in  a  cabin because  I have never been on holiday in a tent before , so I think  it  is more  comfortable  to sleep in  a   bed   instead  of outside in  a  tent.
The activities I would like to do  during  these two  weeks   are  basketball and swimming.
 I think I can play basketball  well, because  a  few years ago I was  a   member  of the  school  team. Swimming  is  not my  favourite  sport but I prefer swimming  to  golf or tennis. Please could you  inform   me  what    you  mean  when    you  say  all the  accommodation   is  paid for :   is that  including  food  and drinks, so  that  I know how  much  money I have to  bring  with me, and what kind of  weather   it is  during this period of the year so  that  I know what kind of clothes I have to take.
I  am looking  forward  (for*/to)  this  holiday .
Best  regards 
Dear Kim,
I would like to  tell  you about my experience  (of*/at)  the last pop concert. It was very nice for me to help because I  saw  so many people and I  got  a lot of experience of things that I  had never  done before.
I was the  assistant  of the  person responsible  for the clothes and make-up of the  pop group  . Really  I was very nervous about that because  it  was  my  first time with  such  famous people, but I am very happy that all the things went very well .  Kim ,  what  I   really  particularly liked was when I was asked to do the make-up on my  own  . Really  I was very nervous but at  the  same  time  very happy, but  everything   went  well and  everybody  was very  happy  with my work.
 Really  I think you have to  try  to do the same  thing     next summer, I  really   enjoyed   it .
Best  regards 
Dear Ms. Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter  concerning  the competition. Here  is  the information you  require .
Firstly, I would like to travel in July, because it is the only month that I am free.
Secondly, I prefer cabins. The main reason is that I love wood. In addition, due to my height (185 cm), I think cabins may be a better choice.
Thirdly, from the activity list, I chose swimming and tennis as my favourite ones. Although I have played tennis only twice, I really enjoyed it.  In contrast to  this , I  could  swim when I was six. Furthermore, I once  trained  in a swimming centre, so I am quite confident  as a swimmer .
Lastly, could you please tell me what kind of clothes and how much money I should  take  and do I have to buy insurance myself?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
The aim of this report is to suggest lessons and some activities which should be filmed in the video  (from*/about)  my school.
In my opinion, maths, politics,  Chinese , English and painting lessons are the most interesting ones. They are also the lessons which English  people  and other foreigners are  particularly  curious  (in*/about) .
As far as I know, English people are really surprised  (about*/at)   the  Chinese students' advanced level in Maths, as well as  their  knowledge  (in*/of)  politics. This is a good  opportunity  to see how they learn in class.  As it is expected, painting lesson is an amazing one . You can find students  using  traditional  Chinese  ink to draw and write.
 As well as these  lessons, there are all  kinds  of activities such as sports  meetings , racing  competitions , and countryside activities. Some are held once a year and some are held every term. You will experience a different life in them.
In conclusion, besides all  that I  mentioned, I highly  recommend  you video  the  students' daily life and interview them. That will  definitely make it  a successful video.
Dear Ryan
Thank you for your letter and I am very pleased to hear from you about my winning    the competition. I am writing to inform you  of  my preferences and ask a few questions about the camping.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because I can  only take my holiday  in July. I have discussed it with my boss but he allowed me to go on a holiday only in July. And about accommodation, I would like to stay in a tent. I know that staying in a log cabin is more  convenient  but I just want to  have   a  wilder experience. While I am at the camp, I would like to  take part in  swimming and photography. It will be a wonderful experience to swim in a lake and I can relax and enjoy  the  fresh air. Photography is one of my hobbies so I want to take  as many nice photos as I can in the camp area .
I would like to know about the weather in the camp area because I don't know what kinds of clothes I have to bring. And I want to know how much money I have to  bring  for  personal   expenses . I also want to know if I can have    time for shopping.
Thank you for your kindness and I look forward to your reply.
Yours sincerely,
Clark.
Dear  Madam 
I'm very surprised about the good news and I'm sure I'll really have a good time in California.
I'm happy to answer    your questions.
First of all, I would like to travel in July because my boss won't let me  take time off  in August.
Secondly, I would like to stay in  a   tent  because I like camping a lot and I do it whenever I can. Regarding    the activities, I choose swimming and tennis.
I'm a good swimmer and I would like to do it in the Californian  sea . I don't think I'll have the chance     to do  it again in the future.
 On the contrary , I'm an absolute beginner  (in*/at)  playing tennis and I'm not fit  enough   (in*/for)  running but I chose it because it is a sport I've always wanted to learn BUT I'VE NEVER HAD enough free time.
There is something I would like to ask you. What kind of clothes am I supposed to bring with me? And what about money? Should I bring cash or  is a credit card  all I will need?
And what about sanitary precautions?
I can't  wait  to start this adventure.
Yours  sincerely 
Carla Reale
Shopping is not always enjoyable
I'm a woman and they say that shopping is women's  favourite  activity. But I have a particular problem. I'm not slim and I'm a little ashamed of my body. That's why shopping is not an easy thing to do. In fact I can't buy whatever I like and I can't follow fashions    like the other women do. When I go shopping I always have to ask for the extra-large size and  it's  harder to find it.
I see a lot of pretty things but I have to  abandon  the idea of wearing them just because I think that they won't look so pretty on me.
And if this is a problem  (to*/for)  me, imagine how bad a very fat woman (or man)  would  feel.
Often they must go  (in*/to)  special shops to  buy  their clothes. It looks like a sort of racism and unfortunately our society looks for beauty. Just think about commercials. They're full of perfect people. The sort of people you will never find in real life.
Will this ever change?
I hope so, but, in the meantime, I'm on a diet.
Dear Helen Ryan , 
Thank you for your letter. I'm pleased    that I've won the first prize :   two weeks at camp California in the U.S.A .
First of all,
I would like  to travel   (on*/in)  July because I am going to finish    college at the end of June and I will work  from  the first of  August .
 Secondly ,
 regarding  the  accommodation , I would prefer a log cabin .  I think that will be  safer   (about*/for)  all my  things .
I'm very keen to have the chance to  take part in  some activities .  I'm very  interested in  the golf. I will be a beginner because I've never done this sport before but I will have a try. Also, I choose surfing .  I love this sport. I've been  doing  this sport  (since*/for)  5 years, so I'm  quite  good.
Finally I would like to know if I need a lot of money  (about*/for)  this  trip  and if we are going to visit some   buildings  . I've  no  idea what  the weather is like  in  the  USA .  Could  you let me know what type of clothes  I should  bring with me ? 
 Yours   sincerely, 
Dear Kim,
Thank you for your last letter .   I  really envy you  your  holiday  (under*/in)  the sun.
Last month was amazing for me .  I was helping at a pop concert. All right, I wasn't able to do all the stuff like the lights ,  the  stereo , the sound but  I helped  to  build  the stage and  the installation of micros . The stage was  gigantic  . The   crowd   could be all around .
I really enjoyed  being  next to the pop stars .  I got a lot of  autographs  . That  was the first time I've seen  someone  like Jagger .  A  lot of  well-known  pop stars  were  there.
I mean ,   it's  still  unbelievable  .  Can  you imagine     how  like a dream  it  was  to be   shaking  their hands.
I  have     very good  memories   (about*/of)  this experience. I think I will go back    next year.
Do you want  to join  me?
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible
Love
13th June, 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I  received  your letter and I am very excited about the camp.
I would like to go in July ,  I don't mind  which  two weeks ,  but it has to be that month because in June I  am  still in school and in August  I am  going on holiday with my family.
I would prefer to sleep in a tent because I think it's different from where I sleep every night so I would  appreciate  it if there are still tents available.
One of the activities I would prefer to do is Climbing .  I haven't done a lot of it but I've always found it interesting and I think this would be a good opportunity to become better  (in*/at)  it. The other activity I would like to  do  is tennis, I'm quite good at it and I have been  playing  for four years.
I would like to know what type of clothes I should take and also if I need to take  any  money with me.
Thanks for your  attention .
Yours sincerely,
Ma. Anni Soler
13th June, 2000
Dear Kim,
Hello girl ,  how are you doing  these  days ?  I  have been  great ,  especially last weekend  (in*/at)  the  Backstreet Boys concert . It was so exciting.
They were giving two concerts ,  one  (in*/on)  Friday and the other one  (in*/on)  Saturday . They  invited me to go on  Friday . This is what happened: when I  arrived  they told me that I was helping    backstage with the scenery ;  then the group arrived, we chat for like 15 minutes ,  then they had to go on stage. Here is where the good part starts, I was doing the  curtains  (opening and closing) when Nick came  up  to me and  asked  me to go on stage with him . My  heart started beating very hard. The next second I was in front of more than 2 thousand people dancing with The Backstreet Boys. I had a great time that day.
Well I have to go now. Hope to hear from you later   .
Love,
Anni.
Dear Helen,
I'm  writing  to answer your questions but, first of all, to thank you for the prize. I would like to travel in July because it is  the  school  holiday  here in Portugal and I will have the entire month to travel, so I have no preference for  which  weeks.
I don't mind staying in log cabins, but I prefer camping because I want to be really  close   to  nature. Well, about the activities, I love Photography .  I  did  a course and I would like to take beautiful photos of the Camp. And I always was good at swimming .  Now  I'll be at the Camp during the summer I think it is a good idea.
I don't know how much money I'll need  (to*/for)  the trip  or  what kind of clothes I'll need. Do you have any  night plan , like going to discos or  nightclubs ? Can you give  me  this  information ?
I'm looking forward to  receiving  your letter.
 Yours  sincerely
Daniela.
Nowadays shopping is one of the activities that makes our society  live . The cities are the main commercial  centres , our streets are full of  billboards  advertising many things  , as does TV either .
Despite this shopping culture, shopping is not always enjoyable .  When  you need to buy something you have to look for the best price,  which  is always a  work of time , and if you find a shop where the price is cheaper, it  must  be crowded.
The solution  could  be      an  alternative way of making shops like  the  Internet . You can  buy  anything without  any  problem .  This  is a good thing although  it  prevents poor people from shopping   , because you have to have a computer.
Anyway, other alternatives  (of*/to)  shopping are being created and we can choose    not  to waste  our time shopping.
Dear Helen Ryan
I have just received your letter and I am really looking forward to going  (to*/on)  this trip. Here is some information you asked for and also a few questions.
I would like to travel in July, as it will be summer, and the weather will be nicer.  Regarding accommodation     log cabins would be better for me, because they are more comfortable.
One of the activities I will do is tennis, but I am just a beginner, so I would like someone to teach me. The other activity will be photography, which I am very good at.
I am wondering if there will be anywhere for me to wash my clothes, or if I will have them washed. I would also like to know how much money I should bring with me.
I am waiting for your prompt reply.
Yours sincerely,
Bradley Tudela.
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Many people enjoy going  shopping  ,  meeting friends and mainly spending their money, but sometimes shopping can be a terrible experience.
The good side of this activity is that it can be  a good leisure , provided you are not in a hurry.
On the other hand, when the shops are crowded (for instance, just before Christmas), going shopping can be very stressful, as you cannot walk  freely  and have to  endure  endless queues. Another problem is the shortage of trolleys in supermarkets, which is very common when they are full of people. As if  this  were not enough, there are always impolite assistants, who make your day even worse.
Summing up, going shopping can be a relaxing activity if you choose the right day, but be aware of how dangerous it can be for your patience.
14.06.2000
Dear Mrs Ryan,
Thank you for your letter. I  am  very glad I won the competition. This trip will, undoubtedly ,  be a wonderful experience.
As far as the  travel dates  are concerned, the only period available would be in July as I am fully booked for the  rest   of the  summer. I really didn't expect to win the trip. I would therefore be very  grateful  if you could book the tickets for then.
Concerning the accommodation  options  you have  offered  me, please make sure I am sleeping in a tent, as I have never experienced  open-air  camping before. I think it would be nice to try it at least once.
Concerning the proposed activities ,  please,  put me down  for Singing and Painting. The only problem would be that my drawing is pretty bad. Concerning Singing activities, I think I'm quite good as I have been in my school's choir for 3 years.
Could you please include in your next letter some information about the amount of money and clothes we have to  bring ?
Yours sincerely
17 October 2000
Dear Kim,
As you asked me, I  am writing   to  you about my experience at the  pop concert .
Well, on the whole, it was pretty cool. There was no big  stress  about it. The only thing I was asked to do was to help carry the lunches of the singers and to help with light and sound management, when the guy there had to do something else. Oh yes, I also had to check the tickets for five minutes. The woman had to deliver something. The problem  (about*/with)  this job is that you have to deal with huge  numbers  of people. There were 963  people   (in*/at)  the " Armageddon " that night!
But, as I said, the whole thing was fun. You must show a great  sense  of responsibility. But, Kim, can you see  another  way to meet the "New Bentley" for free, talk to them and even get paid? That was my best day ever, the one  when  I shared a meal with Paul McPartney. I'm sure you are  jealous  now. Don't worry they still organise these "youth work"  programmes .
With love
John
Dr Mrs Ryan,
 (With*/In)   reply   (on*/to)  your letter, I would like to say that I was really pleased with the first prize. It was  a  real surprise for me.
I would like to travel  only  in July, because I am going to study at my university  until  the end of June. I hope it will not be any problem for you.
I am glad that all accommodation and travel costs have been paid. I would prefer to  stay  in  a     cabin, I think it is more comfortable.
I see people who run the camp are very good  (in*/at)   organizing   the  social life of their guests. I have a lot of  possibilities  for spending my spare time. The climbing and the painting are preferred by me the most. Generally I paint some landscapes by using    watercolours, but sometimes I try to paint like during the  impressionist   era  by using blobs, oil paint and canvases.
 Finally  I would like to ask what kind of clothes I have to take with me and how much money I will need for the normal life at the camp.
I am looking  forward  to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Report on making  an  interesting video film
The aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be  shown   (at*/in)   the  video film about daily life at our school.
In order to  prepare  it I visited some  classrooms  during the lessons and I interviewed a number of students from our school.
Some of the teachers are very good     professionals . Their lessons are valuable, rich in knowledge and  funny . For example, the teacher of history and  Polish  language is able to interest students  (about*/in)  the subject in  different  ways.
According to students'  opinions  ,  the most popular activities are    basketball, tennis, swimming and  also  the photography group and the painting team. It is surprising that 45 per cent of the students questioned frequent one of  these   sports   groups  and 30 per cent of people go to the photography group.
On the whole our school  has  a lot of different possibilities for the students  that  we can show  (on*/in)  our film. It  could   make  the video more interesting. I recommend  showing  our  history teacher . It  will  show that during every day we have     great  fun and we  receive     good, important knowledge.
If we  take under an attention   these  things our film is going to be very interesting
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am very glad to hear that I have won first prize in your competition. Here  is  some further information you need from me:
I would like to travel in July. It is the only time of the year I have two  weeks'  holiday. I would be grateful if you could give me a log cabin. It is  safer  and there is no problem if it rains.
As for the two activities, I would enjoy climbing and playing tennis. I have been climbing for more than 7 years. It should not be a problem. On the other hand, I have never played tennis in my life. But I watch every tournament on television. I like this sport very much.
I would like to know if I need  any  special clothes, extra money or any other things. Could you please send me more details about that ? 
I look forward to hearing from you.
Charline Cholmondeley
Shopping is not always enjoyable.
There are two kinds of shopping; the first one is shopping for fun. You often see young ladies looking for the nicest dress, the most beautiful shoes and so on... They are all excited when thinking about the party they have been invited to.  It  is very nice when you can do your shopping like that.
The second kind of shopping is not enjoyable. It is when you have to buy what is necessary for you: bread, butter, milk etc... It is always the same. You have to find the best article for the best price. You are among thousands of people, but ,  at the same time, you are alone. Besides, when you want to pay for the things you have  chosen , you can believe that the ladies behind the  cash desks  are unable to smile. After that, you have to carry your bag (of course far too heavy for you) to your car. When you are at home, there is no reward except that your husband or your children notice that the fridge is full again.
Shopping is annoying but also necessary .  That  is why it is not always enjoyable.
Dear Helen Ryan.
I am writing to reply  to  your letter about  the  first prize in your competition and  to give  you all  the  information for my two weeks at Camp California.
First of all, I  would  prefer travelling in July, because  I  will be  on  vacation and I'm not allowed to travel during  term . It'd be great if I could  stay  in  a   tent , because I've never slept in  a   tent  before, and I think it is an interesting experience.
Secondly, the two activities  which  I'd like to  do  during the  camp  are sailing and surfing. I have already surfed when I was travelling in Brazil, but since  then  I  haven't had  a chance to do it again. Although I know how  to surf , I have no idea about sailing .  I  have  only read about it and I am very interested  in   trying . Is there any problem?
I'd like to ask you some questions:  is   it  necessary  to bring   any  money to the Camp? How much? And about clothes? What is  appropriate ?
Finally, I want to thank you for  this  great opportunity .  I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely.
Camila Beatriz de J. Branco
A  programme   is  not often good.
Shopping is said  to be  an enjoyable  programme  in all situations. However sometimes it isn't so wonderful as it seems to be.
When you go to a    shop it is  difficult  to find what you  are looking  for without  the  help of the shop assistant. The problem is  finding  a shop assistant who  listens   to  your problems and can help you. After that you have to wait a long time in the  queue  to pay and many times  it  isn't possible  to pay  with your credit card and you don't have  any  money in cash. So you  have wasted  hours  buying  nothing. You can't talk to  the  manager even to give him suggestions  on how  to improve his business, because he is always absent. And don't try to complain to someone else because they won't hear you.
To conclude, although you can have good  times  while shopping all of us know that it is not always enjoyable,  is it ?
Dear Helen Ryan
Thank you for your letter informing me that I have won the competition. Below are the  answers to the   questions  that you have asked me.
Firstly I will  only be able to travel  in  July  because my class starts the month after   .
Secondly, although the  log  cabins appeal to me, I would prefer  a   tent  because I think it is more comfortable and  attractive .
Finally I would like to  do  basketball and swimming, because in my school I used to  do  those sports a lot.  I still do so even  now  (in*/at)  a  sports  center, but not much.
Let me know  what  kind of  clothing  I have to  take  with me as well as  how much  money    we will need.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Nowadays most    people are  attracted   (by*/to)  shopping centers, which  are  not always enjoyable. So, I have some opinions  (to*/about)  this, which I would like to tell.
First of all ,  I think people have to be careful  (in*/about)  the things that they buy because probably <NS type="M"></NS> are not    good quality,  which  is very  annoying .
Secondly, people have to look after their money in the shops, and  not  spend it  (in*/on)      things  that they don't need ,  because by the end of the month they won't have  any  money.
Finally I think the  shops' products  are    good quality and  reasonably   priced , but sometimes the  shop's staff  is not very friendly  (with*/to)  you .  I  don't think it's  very nice to buy     things  there, with these people.
Dear Madam:
I just  received  your letter with the good news. I am very happy  (for*/about)  winning the first prize in your competition and I am glad to tell you that I am planning to go ,  but I can only travel  (on*/in)  July because I have to work until the end of June.
 Regarding  the accommodation ,  I would like to have  a   log cabin  rather than  a   tent  because two weeks is quite a long time and I think they are more comfortable and give you more privacy.
I enjoy swimming and singing and I would like to join others in these activities. I am an average swimmer and as a singer I am not a  beginner   and  it would be fun to share my songs with the holiday makers.
Can you please give me some  recommendations  about the clothes I will need and also the cost of the food there to  plan  my budget.
Thank you for these wonderful two weeks at Camp California.
Yours faithfully
Shopping is not always enjoyable
In my opinion shopping  is sometimes  really boring ,   especially  when you buy  the same things at the supermarkets almost all the time  ,  like cleaning products and the ingredients for  everyday   recipes .
On the other hand everything looks different if I have to  get  a present for someone in my family. I start thinking  about  what she or he  prefers  and I try my best  to buy  something  appropriate   no  matter how much money    it  costs .
In conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort  into  choosing things and making  decisions  and they are more or less important, or more or less enjoyable  depending  on what, why, where and who is the person that you are interested  in   pleasing .
Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser.
Dear  Madam ,
I have received  the  good news and I'm very happy because I have always  wanted   to go  to California and now it's  really   happening , so, thank you very much  (about*/for)  that.
First  (at*/of)  all, I would like to give you some further information  (from*/about)  me and secondly,  I'd   like   to ask  you  (for*/about)  some  concerns  that I have.
About   when I would like to travel ,  I think that my answer will be easy for you, because   I have two months off ,  those are July and August ,  so   my  trip  should be  in between  .   Regarding  my  accommodation  I would like to stay in  a  tent because I remember my holidays in the south of Peru,  a  long time ago ;  it was wonderful.
With regard to the activities at the Camp, I would like to choose basketball and photography, because I think that basketball is  a  very  good  sport for training your muscles and I used to play in a league in my country . It's  hard but at the same time lovely. The other  choice  has been  made  because I like  very  much  to discover  different places and with a camera  it  is possible to do  that  easily.
If it  is  possible for you to help me  clear up  some doubts I have, I'll be really  grateful . One  doubt   concerns  how much additional money you believe will be enough to enjoy the holiday .  Another thing <NS type="M"></NS> is if the meals are  included  or  whether  I have to  pay  for them . 
Once again, thanks.
Waiting for your reply, best wishes.
 Yours   faithfully .
Daniel Ortiz
Dear Kim,
I have heard from you recently and I'm really happy, I hope you and your family are well.
I know that my girlfriend told you that I was helping at a pop concert and enjoyed it very much.  Besides , she told me that you are very keen to know  about  my experience, so I'll give you some information in this letter that I'm sure you will be glad  to have , even  though  you have not been  (in*/to)  the concert.
First  (at*/of)  all, I'll tell you that  (in*/on)  the day  of the  concert I woke up at 6:30  a.m. , very early for me . You  know me ,  I'm  lazy  . The  work began around 8:30 .   It  was very hard but  then  the band  came      to rehearse  . From   that  moment I  enjoyed   working  until the concert had finished . The  atmosphere was wonderful, the musicians were very kind  (with*/to)   everyone  who was working because they understood that  putting on  a concert is a job to be done by a team. During the concert I listened  to  the band like everybody  else , besides I earned money , so   it  was a wonderful experience.
Looking forward to  hearing  from you.
  Yours  Sincerely .
13 June. 2000
Dear Ryan,
I am so  amazed  about winning the competition. I am  answering what you would like to know some information from me .
 Firstly , I am able to travel only in July because I will  be  on holiday in July, furthermore I have  an  important exam in November. Secondly I would prefer to stay in  a  tent as it will be natural life while I am at the Camp. Thirdly I  am  keen on playing tennis and taking some  photographs .
In spite of the fact that the  weather  is bad, I play tennis. I collect strange  photographs  by myself. Finally ,  I am wondering    how much money I need for myself and what kind of clothes I need.
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.
Yours sincerely
Bae Ki Seul
Title: Speaking activity
I like speaking activity while I am in the class. During that time I can talk  about  some secret  or private things  with  classmates . After that we know each other  better  than before. In addition speaking activity  includes  everything  for   learning  English such as listening, speaking,  and   grammar  as well.  In other   lessons , the teacher teaches lots of things which are  grammar , English culture... etc. It might be good. However ,  all  the  students are passive. So it can be boring.  Give  a topic and then  discuss     it. I know    what my friends think and like.  It is real life who we are . Also the film must be funny. If a film is boring, nobody will  watch  it. During speaking, there are lots of  things  happening such as, some students can't understand what the other students say and their culture. Having fun and  acquiring  new knowledge. It makes us laugh.
So I think that speaking activity should be filmed as you can see and know  the  real us and  it would be  funny as well.
Dear Mrs. Helen Ryan:
I have received your letter  about  the competition and I am very glad about it.
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July, please, because that  is  when I am  (in*/on)  vacation. That is really the only time I have, unfortunately.
I would love it if I could  stay  in a tent. I'm looking forward to learning how to take care of myself in dangerous situations, such as getting lost in a forest, and I think  staying  in a tent will be very  useful  for that. I'd also like to get in touch with nature, and that  will be  a great way  to do that .
About the activities listed  (on*/in)  your letter, I choose basketball and singing. I have played basketball for six years, and I've  been  in competitions for five years. I have good singing skills too. I have sung in the church's choir for three years, and I have had singing classes at school since first grade. I have recorded a demo tape, which I can send to you if you  like , in which I also play the guitar.
I would like to know how cold it is up there,  so I  know what kind of clothes I should bring.
Yours  sincerely 
Benedito Alencar
Dear Kim,
There was a huge Madonna show in a soccer stadium here in São Paulo. The most amazing thing is that I helped  (on*/at)  it!
I helped  with  setting up the sound equipment, programming the light system on the computer,  and   tidying  up Madonna's room! I helped with the selling of the tickets, with the security, with the designing...
But the  unexpected   thing  was that I actually got to meet Maddy, and talk to her for almost one hour! The Material girl's the sweetest person in the world, totally unlike  what  the media says  about her . Mo' told me everything about her new album, "Music", and how the single  (with*/of)  the same name had slipped  (into*/onto)  the Internet in the UP3 format. She sang to me part of the album's second single, "How it feels like for a girl"!
Her daughter, Lourdes Maria, is such a pretty little girl   that I couldn't take my eyes off of her. Her boyfriend, Guy Richie, was there too, and he's a really good person.
This is something I will never ever  forget . The show  afterwards  was great. I couldn't believe that I had met that superstar  who  was dancing in front of a  crowded  soccer stadium. Hope you enjoy the pictures .   I  got one autograph for you.
Yours faithfully, Benedito.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to reply  to  your letter saying that I have won the competition, which I can't believe. I am so excited by the news.
I think I can take this opportunity in July because I run my shop all year round except three weeks in July.
I would like to have accommodation in log cabins as I find sleeping in tents very uncomfortable  though  it may be a new experience.
It would be nice to have a chance to try  a  new sport when we are relaxed. I'd like to try golf because I'm not good at any other sports. Besides golf, taking wonderful photographs of  scenery  has been my dream, even though I am a beginner.
I'd like to ask about what clothes we need, what the weather is like and whether we need some spending money or not.
I'm looking forward to going on this fantastic holiday.
Yours sincerely.
Dear Kim,
How are you? I know you have been waiting for my letter. But as you know, I have been so busy that I couldn't write earlier.
Actually I didn't use to enjoy pop music much. My classmate Cecilia persuaded me to try  the  whole new experience of helping at a pop concert. I thought it would be the last thing I wanted, but it wasn't. I've really enjoyed this opportunity. We delivered so many fantastic and gorgeous costumes which had been designed exclusively by top designers. We also helped to make posters and leaflets, which I enjoyed most as I always like drawing and designing.
The most difficult work was to arrange  the  coach trip to the concert hall as there were many  people  from  the  countryside. It was too complicated. But the rest of the preparation was so good. I've realised pop stars are just like us, down to earth. They were so kind and modest. Do you know what I liked most  (from*/about)  this experience?  I found  pop music so wonderful, it changed my  opinion     that  classical  music is always best. Of course, I've enjoyed being around famous singers, too.
Love
13/6/00
To whom it may concern,
I have recently received a letter saying I am  the  first-prize winner  (for*/in)  your competition.  It  was wonderful news and as you have requested, here is some further information and details.
I would like to travel in July as it is my summer holiday and is the most convenient time for me.
At Camp California, I would  preferably  like to stay in a tent as I think it would be more enjoyable.
The two activities I would like to do are Photography and Sailing. I think they are a good contrast. I have not done sailing for quite a long time so I might find it difficult but I am looking forward to it. As well as  getting some  good exercise, I would also  like   to be  able to learn something new. I have never done Photography before.
I also have some enquiries concerning the trip. I would like to know what the weather  is  like at that time of the year so I am able to pack the essential  clothing . I would appreciate it if you also  advised  me on how much money I should take. It is all new for me as I have never been to the USA before.
Please send me additional information soon.
Thank you for your time and your kind  efforts .
Yours Sincerely,
When you think of the word 'shopping' a smile always comes onto your face. Shopping is thought of as enjoyable. Teenagers go shopping for  fun  and to socialize.
There  is  more than one kind of shopping though and one particular kind is  window shopping .
I would say window shopping is the reason why I have no money now. Sometime last month, I was just the same as I am now, with no money. My friend wanted to meet up with me so we made plans to meet up  (at*/on)  a high street to go shopping. For me, that  meant   window shopping . When we went into the first shop, I caught sight of a long black dress. As I had nothing better to do, I tried it on. I fell in love with it. I knew  though  that I couldn't get it - not yet anyway.
I went back  every day  just to eye that dress because I just couldn't get over the fact that I had no money.
When I received my monthly pay, I rushed down to the shop and without thinking, bought that dress. I  was  back to where I was before - with no money (and a black dress) all over again.
When I think about it now, shopping is not always enjoyable.
Dear Helen , 
Thank you for my prize! I  have  never been  (in*/to)  the USA and I should be glad to spend two weeks at Camp California.
I can only have some  holiday  in July from the 3rd to the 17th with my husband at the same time .  That  is why I would like to travel during those two weeks.
For the accommodation I would prefer to have  a   tent  because I  am used to      staying   (in*/on)   campsites  and I love it during summer,  just to change the customs !!
Concerning  the  activities ,  I have  chosen  two of them. I enjoy swimming and  any time  I have  the   opportunity  to swim I go. My second activity is painting because I love art and art history and I think that  it  is better to  do  one sport and one  "soft leisure"  and I do not really want to involve myself in a new activity that I  am unfamiliar with   (for*/during)  my holidays.
Please could you tell me about the weather ,  if I need special clothes and about  how to change my money  ,  if you don't mind ?  See you soon!
Yours  sincerely, 
"Shopping is not always enjoyable" "Shopping today!"  If   you  decide  to go in town or during holidays to move in a "shopping destination" , that     means  that you need something special for  yourself  or someone else. You have the money and the time  that  you want. That's why it should be a great day! Save some money to go    shopping in Paris or Roma and see how    the French or Italian fashion  looks  on  you !  And  after that you can  visit  the  duty-free   shops  and buy some  cheap  souvenirs. Singapoor and many places in Asia are famous for the shopping, and it is really nice to go there with  enough  money to buy  what  you always wanted to. But even if shopping  can means dream  it can be boring sometimes. If you have no money and a friend  asks  you to  go     shopping, it should be boring!  And  you  may  become jealous  (against*/of)  him and want him to do  it  quickly!  Or  you  may     get  irritable ! And you can find  that there are  too  many  people in  the  shops, it is too hot or you  cannot   get   the  right size or the right colour or flavour -- - then you get angry!  Or  you decide  not to spend   the  money    shopping today, but  in front of the shop . What is going on??
So, you'd better  stay   at  home today...
Dear Ms Helen Ryan,
Thank you for first prize. I was glad to win your competition. I look forward to coming soon.
I would like to travel in July , because  it is the only  time I will have free .
I was very happy to hear that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for. And I would prefer  a  tent to  a  log cabin , because  I have had  experience   of   staying  in  a  tent and I like it very much.
Thank you for  the  chance to do two activities. I would like to choose Tennis and Photography. I  have played  tennis since I was ten years of age. In my opinion tennis is the best sport I have ever  played . Another activity  which  I have chosen is photography. I have just finished  a   professional   photography  course and I would like to  continue  my education in this activity.
I would like to ask some questions.
First of all what kind of clothes  do  I have to take with me?
Also, how much money  do  I have to take?
 I look  forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Thank you for your letter. I was glad to hear from you.
Like I said,  I helped  at a pop concert. I liked it very much. It was very interesting and  enjoyable .
 The  pop concert had ten pop bands. Each of them  had to sing  two songs. After  that  they chose  the  three best bands.
 At  this concert I saw a lot of popular singers. For example: Maraya Kary, Tom Jone; Madonna. I saw the "Boys on". I knew you love them and I  got  two autographs for you and of course for myself.
Afterwards "Boys on" won the first prize.
I was  shocked  because I had  already  spoken with them and I had  got  two autographs.
 Another part of my  experience  at  the  pop concert when we  meet  each other .
Look forward to hearing from you soon.
Love,
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am very happy to answer your letter, which I received this morning. I am very  excited   (with*/by)  the wonderful news.
Well, I  am starting  to make a plan for my  trip , and the only time I have is  (on*/in)  July because I will  have finished  my  language course  at St Jame's School.
About  accommodation  I would prefer  a   cabin , because I suffer  from   allergies , and I think  a   tent    would  not be  very suitable for my health.
I am very happy to have the opportunity to do some sports. I'm very good  (in*/at)  swimming and surfing.  I won last summer's swimming  competition in the school . Although  I'm not very good at surfing I like  it , and I always  practise   (in*/on)  my holidays every year.
I would like to know if  it  is  necessary  for me to bring some money,  and  if we will have time to visit the City . About  the clothes ,   do  I have to bring some winter clothes?
 I'm  very  grateful  to  hear  from you.
 Yours  sincerely
Dear Kim,
I was very happy to receive your letter.
It's wonderful that you are going to  attend  a pop concert. I'm sure you will    enjoy  it . You asked me to tell you about my experience  helping   (in*/at)  the  concert  last week.
Well, let me tell you, first of all I was very nervous . You  know  it  was my first time  (in*/at)  such  an  event. I was asked to put  all the chairs in order  for the singer . This  was only in the  beginning  . After  that I  needed  to  check  all the  microphones . However ,  I was not very sure     I enjoyed this . After that all the  singers  arrived and I was in  charge   (to*/of)  greeting them and  giving  them something to drink. You  can   imagine  how  excited  I was ,   especially  because I always wanted some  photographs   (with*/of)  them and this was  a  special moment and I  realised  I  hadn't brought  my camera .  I was very sad.
Well ,  Kim, remember if they  ask  you to help go . You  will see how wonderful  an  experience  it is .
Write to me and tell me about your concert.
Give my regards to your boyfriend.
With Love.
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I am writing in reply to your letter in which you  told   me  I have won first prize in your  competition . I am glad. Thank you very much. Now I am answering your questions and then I would like to know  some  further information about travel and  accommodation .
I would like to travel in July because in June I am going to take some exams at  university  and at the moment I do not know the exact date. I can tell you I am only free in July.
I would prefer  to stay  in  a   log cabin  because I am not keen on tents and I think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent.
 As regards  the chance to do two activities while I am at the Camp I would like to  do  painting and photography. I  paint  in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes, people, animals. I  also like  taking photographs, for example during my journeys or trips. So when I go back home I can use my best pictures to reproduce them as a painting.
Would you give me some information about  me  clothes to wear there? I would  also like  to know how much money I can bring. Looking forward to hearing from you
Yours sincerely,
Billy Esposito
There is somebody who says that 'Shopping is not always enjoyable , ' and who is happy only when  he  can go shopping.
 First  I do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do  it  in a hurry or  as a  duty. If you have to run from one shop to another ,  always looking at  your  watch,  going  shopping is a terrible activity.
On the other hand if you can walk  around  without  any time  problem with a good friend I think that shopping is very enjoyable. For  instance , it is  fun   to enter  a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a  T-shirt  although you do not buy anything.
To sum up I enjoy wasting money  whether  buying useful things or not. I often like  buying  gifts for my relatives and friends. In my opinion, shopping is relaxing ,  above all on Saturdays when you have finished a  working  week and you are expecting a wonderful Sunday.
Cambridge, 13th June 2000.
Dear Miss Helen Ryan;
Thanks for your letter. I am very happy  (for*/about)  the news. Also <NS type="M"></NS> to know about the all accommodation and travel costs that  are   included  in the first prize.
I am going to give  you  all the information that you need.
I would like to travel only in July because I am free from    college and also it is a very good time for me. Regarding    the accommodation at    Camp California ,  I would prefer  to stay  in a tent, because I have  had   a  very nice experience  in a tent  and I love to share with other people. In addition I would like to choose    singing and photography because I am good at singing and taking  photographs .
Please could you let me know if  I  need  any   special  clothes and also how much money I need to bring?
Finally is it possible to have  a  map    of the area?
Yours sincerely
ELENA PANER (MRS).
Cambridge, 13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
I hope you  and your family are fine . I am going to answer your letter just now.
Last month I enjoyed  helping at a pop concert a lot  . Really  it was a very  interesting  experience, particularly  when I     had  to deal  with a young group of children from Latin America. It  was   incredible   , because I learnt some  Spanish  words such  as  Hello, How are you?  goodbye   , What is your name, house, dog, cat, boy, girls etc .  I am very happy that I  promised     myself  that I would  learn  Spanish  this  Summer  at    Huntingdon College. Also another interesting  thing  was  learning  about their culture, because all of them come from Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Chile  or  Uruguay. At the concert they were very  successful  because they were very confident and I helped with the sound system and our equipment was extraordinary and the audience were fantastic. I hope one day you and  I  can travel to South America because I would like to introduce you  to  my new friends.
Now I have to end this letter, so please call me if you want to see me next week.
Take care!!
Love
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear Helen Ryan , 
Competition Organiser
I am glad to know about the news that I have received. It is a  dream come true  and was really unexpected for me!
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because    it is more suitable for me. I think I will really enjoy  it  if I  can  stay in  a   tent  .  It  is going to be a new experience and looks exciting.
About the activities while at the Camp ,  I would like to  do  swimming, not because I am good  (in*/at)  it, just because I  am  keen on  it  and the other one is Photography.
As I never did this in  my whole  life could you tell me if we have to  make  our own meals or  can I  find everything ready to eat there?  If not , what do you  suggest ? The same question for clothes and money. How much  do  I have to  put  in my pocket?
I hope  has had your questions out of your mind .
Yours sincerely
Cambridge 13.06.00
Dear friend
Kim
Last month, I enjoyed  helping  at a pop concert in Portugal. Everything  was  new for me. I had to  (lyd)  tidy up the place where they have to wait  (until*/for)  their turn. The group asked me  to make  sure that in the fridge they always could find a  wide  variety of drinks including honey and lemon for  the  throat.
 The other  thing I had to do  was  keep an eye  (in*/on)  the towels, I mean,  dry  towels because as you know that country is too hot, especially for my liking,  and  they have to change    clothes and  look  fresh; don't ask me why.
The pop concert  happened  in a big stadium called "Mararcanã".
I just did not  enjoy   it  when they were  making the instruments  work for the big day. But what I particularly liked was  to see the rest of the other groups and ask for their autographs . Don't be jealous, I will make a copy for you, OK?
Love
18 June 2000
Dear Ms Ryan,
Thank you very much for your letter. I  just received  it yesterday. I am very  excited .
I would like to go to California in the U.S.A. in July. It is the only month that I can have my holiday     this  year and it  will  be nice in the  summertime .
 Regarding  the accommodation at Camp California, I prefer a log cabin. It would be  nicer and safer  for me than the tents. The activities I would like to choose  are  swimming and sailing. It could be fun for me because I like swimming ,  and sailing could be exciting too.
Lastly, I would like to know about the money and clothes. How about the weather in California in July? Is it hot or raining?  And   can I   prepare  my clothes, or can we buy some clothes there?  Do  they accept    credit  cards  or only cash ?  I don't want to take money with me.
I would be  grateful  if you could send me the full details. Many thanks.
Yours faithfully,
In the following  paragraphs  I will discuss the advantages and disadvantages  (about*/of)  shopping.
Everyone needs to  shop   every day . It is  a  very important thing for our life. We need food, clothes,  books  etc. There are many kinds of  thing for  shopping and they are different ,  for example the price, the quality
In  a   supermarket , shop  or  department store  they  have many things. We could buy  almost  all we need in one store. It is very  convenient .
On the other hand, shopping is not always easy.  Sometimes ,  there are  so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are  in a  hurry while you are in  a  long  queue .
We have seen then    that  shopping is very important for our life. Most people enjoy shopping because it  is  more  convenient     today but if you found  a  busy place for shopping or it  was  not as good as you  expected  , it  would not  be  enjoyable for you.
 Dear  Helen,
I have  received  your  exciting  letter, informing me that I have won two weeks at Camp California in the USA. I will answer your questions in this letter ,   beginning  with the best  time  for  my visit .
Because of my  studies  I will not be free to travel until  July  and schools  start   again     in August    so I hope July will be fine.
I much prefer sleeping in tents .  It  seems  more sociable  and  really   sounds like  holidays  .
Choosing only two activities  (in*/from)  such a  variety  of interesting ones was quite hard, but I decided to  pick  the two I've never tried,  climbing and surfing .
I would like to know what kind of clothes  I should  bring and  whether  I can wash  them  or not, and I'd like to know how much money  I will  need for extras . 
Thank you very much . 
Yours sincerely , 
Andre Michel
Hello Kim,
How are you?
 Forgive  me for the long time I left you without any news. I wrote  to  you last time that I was going to  lend a hand   (for*/with)  the installation and preparation of "Garbage's" concert and you asked me to tell you how it  was .
So one week  before  the concert I went  (at*/to)  "L'Arena" to meet the other worker and receive the instructions. I've had the  honour   of   helping  their sound  engineer  and   branching  the cables for microphones ,   guitars  etc .
We  really  started to  work like ants  the morning  before  the show. It was  exciting  looking  at  all three  men  working together and building a  stage , and it was  interesting  to help the sound engineer to check the sound and  configure  his computers to get the best sound possible.
About two hours  before  the beginning of the show, we met the band and  received  tickets to  go  backstage .  That  was wonderful, maybe better than the concert itself!
And the next morning   I was  there  again to help them  put away  their  stuff .
That's a great  experience !
Now Kim, tell me about  your side of the show  . 
Yours ,  Andre
 Dear Sir/Madam 
Thank you for the letter that  confirmed  first prize.
I am happy to receive it. Of course I will able to go to Camp California in the U.S.A. However, I  will only be able  to go to there  (on*/in)  July 2001 because I have a job which is  extremely  busy work. Our department, which is  the  sales department, have to make good sales  results   before   the  end of June because of  the  financial month. So, if I can choose days, I would like to go to the U.S.A  (on*/in)  July 2001. About  accommodation , I prefer  to stay   in  log cabins because I don't like to stay in tents which are  uncomfortable  for me. I am  also not  keen on preparing it.
 This prize, I can choose two activities, can't you.  So, I am going to choose Golf and Tennis. In Japan, I often play Golf but as you know Japanese weather  conditions   are  not  good  enough  for  enjoying  playing  Golf ,  but California has good weather ,  which  means   sunshine every day ,  hopefully . I used to play tennis when I was  a  university student. I am  interested   in  playing tennis very much.
 Finally , I have some  questions . When I join this camp, what kind of clothes should I carry?  Also , how much money do I    need? Please reply  (for*/to)  me as soon as possible
Best  regards .
Dear Kim.
Hello Kim. How are you? I am well. I have    big news. I could enjoy helping at a pop concert    last week which is "The Max". As you know, I am  a  big  fan   (with*/of)  "The Max". Can you believe it?
I have got good experience and fantastic  memories . At the same time ,  I have got a small  amount of  money ,  but it was not important  (for*/to)  me. I was so happy.
So, my  temporary  job was sound engineer but I was not main engineer. I've just helped     the  staff. When I was  a  university student, I studied sound  effects  ,  but I  hadn't  used effect  equipment   my whole  life because our school  doesn't  have it. I used this  equipment  during  the  concert ,  but  I was so  complicated  system . At first ,  I couldn't understand this system but our staff  were  very kind people. They  taught  me  specially . After that ,  I was able to understand this system, time after time. Now, I  am  able to use  a  sound effect system.
Of course, I could enjoy this concert, as well
If I got a chance, I would like to work for creative companies, I hope.
 Anyway ,
Take care of  yourself . I am waiting  for  your letter
  Yours  sincerely, 
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan
With reference to the letter from you ,  I would like to inform  you of  some further information ,  as  follows .
First of all, I am able to  join  the camp only in July because  that month   is  my school holiday. I would prefer tents to  log  cabins because I think it will be more interesting and exciting     to stay  in  log  cabins. I am also interested in swimming and sailing .  I    always go to  the  swimming pool when I have time . Our  family used to live near the  seaside  . We  would go sailing on the weekend and I miss it very much
Finally, I don't know much about  there  . Is  there anything  I should  bring with me? What is the weather going to be like , because  I want to know what kind of clothes  I should  bring with me? And how much  money   I should   take ?
I look forward to hearing from you.
yours sincerely
RATTANAKOSIN AREVA
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Most people believe that shopping is the most entertaining  way . Some people  will go shopping when they are sad  to forget  everything  and the fact is that  everybody  knows how to  shop . If you have  children , you will know    very well  that  when you are busy doing something and the  children  see something they want to have, they will do everything they can do to make you buy it for them,  sometimes  they even cry or shout  (to*/at)  you and it is really  annoying    . However ,  they are happy  once  they have it. Anyway,    in families they  usually  have this problem that when they  buy  a new  one , suddenly they have a problem  about  where the old one is going to be and that is the  beginning  of  an  argument between mother and  father  or parents and  children .  Eventually  I like shopping  too  and I  believe   everybody   likes  shopping, but before you buy something think  first   and  you will not have any problems after that and the most important thing is make sure you have enough  money      to survive .
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I received your letter last week and I would like to thank you very much. I was really surprised and happy to hear that I  had won  the first prize .    (On*/In)  your letter you ask me some questions about my  preferences :
First of all, I would prefer  to travel  during the month of July, because I have already booked a holiday with my cousins in August.
Secondly, I would prefer  to sleep  in a tent because I am  a  very active person who loves the outdoor life. Thirdly, I am keen on sailing and I have been lucky enough to  do  this sport .  Moreover , I  got  my licence last year in Port Camargue in France so  that  means that I can teach this sport. I also choose     golf  .   I have never  tried  this sport but I am sure I will enjoy it. Would you be kind enough to tell  me  if I need  any  special clothes or equipment? Furthermore could you give me an idea about the pocket money I need?
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you need more information about me.
Looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Brigitte Bourgeois
From: Brigitte Bourgeois
To: Mrs Darley - teacher
Subject: short video about daily life at our school.
The purpose of this report is to identify which lessons or other activities should be filmed. In order   to prepare this report I visited  the classrooms on many occasions  and talked to the students and teachers.
It seems to me that it  would  be a nice idea to show our library because ,  according to the librarians, the library has a welcoming atmosphere and is also  well used  Moreover,  the range of books and newspapers is very  broad  and useful. The students  mentioned  that it would be very  interesting  to show the English  lesson  because some foreign students will probably join our college next year and it is the best way for them to  find out   about  our English course.
To sum up, I would suggest  filming  our library ,  because it is a pleasant place that students really like ,  and the English  lesson  ,  which will help foreign students  (for*/in)  their future  decisions .
Dear    competition organiser (Helen Ryan)
I'm    happy to  hear  that I have won the first prize. Here is the information you want from me.  Firstly, I can only go in July , because  I'm  (in*/on)     holiday  at  that  time . I think I would prefer  the accommodation at Camp California is in tents  , because  it is more  safe , and I  wouldn't  like to be in the log cabins.
The activities are quite hard to choose really, because you have a lot of  choices  which    I like. But I think I will choose Basketball and Photography, because basketball is the only sport I can play well. Photography is a very interesting  activity , and is not too hard to do  either .
Here  I  have some questions which I would like to ask . What  kind of clothes  will  I need? How much  do  I need for the Camp?
Finally ,  I hope the information I've  given   is  useful for you, and hope you can  answer  my questions A.S.A.P.
Yours Sincerely
Shopping is not always enjoyable
 Shopping is very important for most people  because you need to get the stuff you need or you want. For some people it may be a  way  to relax   , after you have been to work or school. So it is a thing you will enjoy most of the time, but still  have something you will not enjoy it . It depends on  what is the place and the aim you are shopping . For example ,  some people always  shop  to get food or stuff  they  need in everyday life . They  won't enjoy this kind of shopping, because it is not getting what they want. The place where you are shopping  is  also very important. For example ,  in HK  all the areas have lots of people it won't let you feel good of the noise and times when you are shopping  , because   there are  too many people it  makes  you want to stay home  and you  won't enjoy shopping.
 Now  I've written this composition, I think that you will enjoy shopping most of the time, but still  find  sometimes you won't.
Dear Madam,
I was very happy to  learn  that I have won the first prize in your competition and it will be a good opportunity for me to go to the U.S.A.
If it is possible, I would like to travel in July. I will be working until the end of June and I am going to start university in August.
I would prefer to sleep in a tent, because, in my opinion, it is easier to make friends and I like camping as well.
I have chosen photography and climbing  as   my  activities. I am a beginner in photography but I am really interested in  it . I have a medium level  of proficiency  in climbing and I would like to climb the Californian mountains.
Can you tell me how much money I have to take, if I have to take winter clothes and if it is possible to rent a car there ? 
Thank you for this opportunity.
Yours faithfully,
I like shopping. Some people when they are tired relax  by   sleeping , reading a book or watching television ,  but not me. Walking along the crowded streets of my city is my way of relaxing.
I have been working in a shop for a long time and I have noticed that I am not the only one  in this case . There  are  always, at the end of the afternoon, some well-dressed women coming from their offices and they just  spend  one hour in the shop  without  buying anything.
However ,  it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable ,  for example before Christmas or during some special  sales . In these periods of the year, the supermarkets and the shops are full of stressed adults and tired children  trying to walk  in a  hot  and noisy place.
In conclusion, you have to know when and where to shop quietly but in my opinion spending money in a crowded shop is the most enjoyable thing in the world.
13 June 2000
Dear Helen Ryan,
 With regard to  your letter, I am writing to  give  you    the information you need to know  regarding  my  stay of  two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I am very excited and looking forward to the new  experience  I am going to have. First of all I must tell you that I only have  free time  in July  -  <NS type="M"></NS>  (at*/on)  any day, any week  -  because I am still having my  lessons  at college and  they  will be finished at the end of June ,  and also in August I have a training course for my studies. I would prefer to stay in tents because I love  the   atmosphere  of camping, but I wouldn't mind  staying  in log cabins. For the two activities I can choose, I would like to  do  swimming and Basketball. I have always found these  kinds  of activity make me  feel  strong and  I  enjoy doing  them . I first started playing basketball and swimming when I was aged 9, and I have been doing  both  up till now. I  was also  in a basketball team in school for 3 years.
One thing   I would like to know is how many clothes I have to take with me and what kind of  clothes  they are . 
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Vanida Montri
Report on daily life at school
Introduction
The aim of this report is  to describe  and assess  which   lessons  and activities should be filmed  (in*/for)  a short video. It is  based  on information made  available  by  students  from each class at school.
Lessons
Most  students  who were interviewed suggested  having  a speaking part  (of*/in)  the lesson  that is  to be on film. It seemed to be the most interesting lesson, because  students  always make some  mistakes  while they are practising with  their  partner, in spite of  having been told   (from*/by)   the  teacher ten times. It  was felt  to be a good memory to be  reminded  and  to remind   us  to speak in a correct way. This lesson will  help  us to be relaxed and have  a  laugh. We also would like to have a history  one .
Activities
Going out to visit the  historical  town every weekend  seems  to be the most enjoyable activity for  students . Spending time together out of the class is  a  nice  experience .  Playing  a sport after class  is  also fun.
Conclusion
 The lessons  and activities   which most  students  suggested are very interesting and  they   do  not seem to be boring for the  students .
Dear Ms Helen
Thank you very much for your letter letting me know that I have won your first prize.
I am  writing  to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter.
First of all, I need to tell you that it is only possible for me to travel in July, because I am going to move to Spain in August.
About my accommodation  preferences , I would really like to be in a tent.  Every time  I travel around, I sleep in nice rooms with nice beds; that is why I think it is a good  choice  to sleep in  sleeping bags .
From the activities I can choose to do in these two weeks, I would enjoy playing basketball and climbing. I think it would be  fun  to play basketball after  not playing for  five years; and since I go out to the mountains once a month, I don't think I would have any problem with climbing.
I would like to ask you some questions: Could you tell me what kind of clothes would be  suitable  for these two weeks? How much money do you think I should bring with me?
Thank you once again for your attention and interest.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Gloria Ortega
Dear Kim
You are going to be jealous when you hear this.
As I told you in my last letter, I worked two weeks ago in Edinburgh helping at a pop concert. The pop  stars  were all young people (between 23 - 30 years old), and all of them were really nice.
Our main tasks during those three days (I worked with 10 other young people)   consisted in carrying  musical  instruments and loudspeakers, checking the lights and microphones, cleaning everything,...
The job was hard, but ,  from my point of view, it was  worthwhile . I have learned lots of things, earned some money for the summer, and the most important thing: I have had fun.
Every five working hours, we had  thirty minutes'  break to eat something. We also had time to tell jokes and play with water balloons.
The most  exciting  thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert, and we went to the Highlands to spend the whole day  there . That was  fantastic ! If you have never been there, I  really   recommend  you to go.  I even  played the drums there!
I hope your exams are  going  well, and you write    back when you finish them.
Lots of love
Dear Helen Ryan,
Thank you very much for  your  letter ,  which I received last week. I was delighted to  hear  that I won the prize  (for*/of)  two  weeks  at Camp California in the U.S.A.
I  will  be able to travel in the first week of July 2000, because my college will  finish  on 28 June 2000. I needed 1    week to prepare  everything  I  need  to take with me .   It said that about  accommodation I would prefer to stay in tents  rather than  log cabins. Staying in tents  is  more interesting than in log cabins and I always  dreamed  of sleeping in tents so my dream  is  coming true!
I  am  always interested in sport, so I am very happy to do  sports   activities  ,  particularly Basketball and tennis. When I was at secondary school I used to play for a school team and I am very good at them. The last reason  is  I love to watch basketball and my favourite team  is  Chicago also my favourite player  is  Michael Jordan!
I would like to know more information about clothes and money. Do I need to take  any  special clothes ,  such as    warm  clothes  and   jumpers . Finally,  how  much money  do  I need to take with me?  Are  there any cash machines  near  where we  are  staying?
 I  would be very grateful  if  you  could   give  me more details as soon as possible.
I  am  looking forward to hearing from you.
 Yours  sincerely,
Alak Liyana
Dear   Kim,
How are you? I haven't heard from you for such a long time. I hope everything is alright with you. Sorry! I haven't written to you  (since*/for)   the  last two months, because I have been very busy  helping  and organizing the pop concert which took place near my town. Let me tell you more about what I  did  last month.
I  had  a wonderful  experience   helping with   the  pop concert last month. My duty was  to help  them  cook  for all of them during the concert . As  you know I'm very good at  cooking  and everybody loved  my good I cooked ! Secondly, I helped them to  prepare  the clothes and the  costumes  during the concert . Although  I  have never worked   (about*/with)  clothes and art before,    I enjoyed it very much.
What I liked most about my  experience   (from*/at)  the concert was  the  great atmosphere behind the  stage  and  the  live music ,   which  made me  feel  great and happy . What's  more, I  had   an  opportunity to meet a singer who I  love  and I dream about. He also gave me his  address  and telephone number if I need help from him in the future. I'll show you when you come around to see me.
Anyway, I'd better go now. I have some homework that needs to be done. Write to me soon when you have time. Give my regards to our parents. Take care!
Best wishes,
Dear Helen Ryan
I am  writing  about  the  letter that I recently received from you, which is about a competition  in which  I have won the first prize.
I would like to know if  it  is possible for me  to go   (on*/in)  July, because I have school  (on*/in)  the  other  months, and it is impossible for me  to go   (on*/in)  December or January.
About the accommodation, I would prefer  a   log cabin   instead  of  a   tent , because  it  is safer and more  comfortable .
The two activities that I prefer  are  Basketball, because I     played  in my school's  team  for  almost  a year, and Photography, which is a hobby that I am good at and I  have done  since I was ten.
On top of everything, I would like to ask how much money  I should  take, and  what  type of clothes are the best to wear in the competition.
Yours sincerely
Elisa F.
Shopping is not always enjoyable
If you are used to  going     Shopping very often, maybe  it  is because you don't know about all the  other  good things you can do on your weekend.
People are used to  going  to the  shopping centre  because it is  easy  and  familiar  .  It  is one place where you can have lunch or dinner, watch  a  movie after that, and ,  if you want ,  buy something at the shops.
On the other hand, everything at the  shopping centre  is more expensive, because the people that  shop   there  usually don't compare prices or look for cheaper shops, because all they need    is already at this place.
 Instead  of going to the  theatre , which is more cultural, or even  having  a picnic  (on*/at)     Ikurapiura park, people prefer  spending  all their money at  shopping centres .
So, why don't we try to change our  habits  and start to do  new  things to enjoy ourselves.
Dear Ms Ryan,
I am writing to you in reply  (of*/to)   your  letter,  which     let me know I am the winner of the first prize  (of*/in)  your competition.
First of all, I am very happy to  spend  two weeks at Camp California in the USA. Yet, I could only travel  in  July because I am a student and so my holidays begin  (on*/in)  July.
In addition, I would rather sleep in a tent since I like being  close to  nature and ,  especially ,  singing birds.    I enjoy sports and I would like to  go  swimming and climbing. I am not too bad at these sports.
To conclude, will you kindly let  me  know if I need some money and what sort of clothes I should bring with me.
Yours  faithfully 
This year, our English class has decided to make a short video about daily life at our school. (It is a graduate  engineering  school where we are studying  mechanics  and  energetics .) That is why we have to single out  which  lessons and other activities should be filmed.
 On the one hand , we should be interested in the lessons.  First , the research and design  lessons  are  exciting  since we are studying how cars are built. Secondly, we should interview the teacher of heat  transfer  since his  lessons  are  really  breathtaking. That seems to be quite surprising, yet this teacher manages to convey his knowledge.
On the other hand, we should be interested in the other activities such as sports ,   which  could appeal  to  more students in our school. For example, our basketball team has won a local championship.
To conclude, in this short video, we must show that thanks to our school we are able to  bring  out the best  (of*/in)  ourselves.
Dear Miss Ryan,
I am very glad to hear that I have won the prize and thank you very much  (about*/for)  that. Here is the information you want, I hope  it   is  useful.
First of all, July is the only month I can travel, because I have got exams at school and I won't finish them until the last day of June. And in August, I have to go back to school to do some  class  work and I have got a camp to organise. So I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July. Secondly, I would prefer the accommodation  to be  in tents. Since I haven't been camping in tents    I would like to take this chance to feel and experience what  it is like .
About the activities, I chose swimming and climbing. I am in  the  swimming  team   at  school and I won a prize last month. Although I'm not good at climbing, I want to  experience   it for  myself.
I would like to ask what is the weather in  the  USA like and what kind of clothes should I wear .  And I was wondering how much money    I have to take .  Also, if I can  go  climbing, what do I have to bring?  Lastly  thank you very much for answering my questions.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
It was lovely to hear that you want to hear about my experience. I helped  at  the concert ,  which was my  favourite  singer's concert.
I helped with the piano part in that concert. At the concert, I had to play 4 songs and I had never played in a concert before, so I felt very nervous before the concert.
But it was a good experience for me because I learnt how to  calm  down and play well in front of the audience  at  the concert. And also I have never played the piano with    singers before, and    that    makes me more confident and  has improved  my skills a lot. When the concert finished my  favourite  singer talked to me &amp; they invited me to play the piano in their next concert and they said that because I performed  well  in that concert. They taught me a lot about playing piano as well.
 Lastly  ,  thank you for sharing my experience. I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes
 Yours sincerely, 
Dear Helen Ryan
Thank you very much for your letter. I was very glad to hear that I had won first prize in the competition.
Anyway, to participate in two-weeks  at  Camp California in the U.S.A I readily give you my personal details and information. First of all, the most  favourable  time for me to travel is July, because I am in the final year of University, so I have to attend classes for a thesis almost throughout the year apart from July, when I can take a relatively long summer holiday.  Secondly , I would prefer to stay in log cabins to staying in tents, since I have had a horrible experience being  attacked  by a  swarm  of midges, when I camped out. Additionally, I am very happy to be given the chance to do some activities during the stay. I would    like to choose swimming and painting. I used to belong to a swimming club and practise swimming a couple of times a week. I have also gone in for some competitions. Painting is one of my hobbies as well, although I do not specialise in it or anything. I'm looking forward to painting beautiful landscapes of California. Last but not at least, what sort of clothes do you think I must bring with me, and is there any laundry system there? Also should I take some money just in case?
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon, and I would be very grateful for your help.
 Yours sincerely 
Introduction
The aim of this report is to describe and assess daily life at this school and suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed. This is based on a  questionnaire  conducted in the school and our English department's investigation.
Lessons
According to statistics based on the  questionnaire , the majority of students feel the most enthusiasm for an English class. This may be thanks to  native-speaker  teachers who came to the school last year. In fact, I visited some  English  classes to find out that most students tried to answer questions and speak to native teachers. Furthermore ,   fewer     students were nodding off  compared  with other classes like Maths. Consequently ,  it might be a good idea to film the English class so that the vibrant and active  atmosphere  may be able to be filmed. This may also contribute to the promotion of  the  English department.
Extra activities
It was found that hockey is the most popular sport among students. As the record says, our hockey team has been  (on*/at)  the top of the league for three successive years. The girls' football team is also famous for its reputation of  keenness  on practice. Although every school has a boys' football team, our school is the only one which possesses a girls' team. Team members can be interviewed.
Conclusion
To sum up, our school is famous for achievements in several fields as well as academic achievements. The whole point of making a video is to tell people that we are not only  bookworms  but also enjoying our school life. It might also be a good idea to film our computing rooms and sports facilities that we can be proud of.
12 Barcicka Str.
45-139 Warsaw
13 July 2000
Dear Ms Ryan
I am writing in reply to your letter I received  yesterday .
I am very proud that I won first prize in your competition and I am extremely happy to spend two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
At the beginning I would like to answer  the  questions you asked me in your letter.
The most  suitable  month for me to travel is July because my boss promised to give me this month off (I am in charge of  a  project which starts in June so I am sure I couldn't go later).
'As I have a  choice  I would prefer to stay in log cabins  rather than  tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so  dependent  on weather conditions. As I was requested I should choose two activities from the list. So I decided to choose climbing and photography. These two are easy to connect, I could climb and make pictures at the same time. I am very keen on photography. Last year I took part in  a   photographer's  contest and I won a second prize in Poland in  the   category  of ,,beautiful scenery''. Climbing, in contrast, is something I started  a  few months ago, so I have not gained any success in this sport. But you could give me a chance to get more  familiar  with it. I would like to ask about clothes. Do I need any formal ones? I would  also like  to know what the cost of spending two weeks in the U.S.A. is.
I want to thank you  once  more for  taking me into consideration  in your competition.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
Juliana Piotrowska
Have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want, looking  through  shelves and not finding that in the end. What did you feel? You had to be disappointed.
There  are  a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping. You might spend too much money and buy something you don't really need. You could also buy something which later turns out to be  broken . So you have to complain about it. Very often a shop assistant is not helpful so you lose your money and your time.
Moreover, you could face an  aggressive  and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager. This leads to an escalation of your anger.
Sometimes you could find a bargain. You are happy to buy a dress or a suit for a good price. But at home you  notice  that there is a tear on  the  sleeve. And you couldn't of course  take  it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee.
You could also face an unpleasant situation connected with money. Somebody could give you not enough change. How would you feel? Deceived?
So if you don't want to feel deceived or offended, think twice before you decide to go shopping.
(A very depressing point of view, isn't it?)
Dear Mrs Helen Ryan,
I have received a letter from you  saying  that I have won the first prize in your competition and you need some information from me.
I would like to travel  (on*/in)  July because my  holidays  are only  (on*/in)   that month  and the  weather  in California is better  then . I am that kind of person who  enjoys   having  a wild and simple life, so I prefer to  stay  in tents.
About the activities, the first one I would like to do is play basketball ,  which I have a lot of experience  playing . The second one is sailing, but I am not so good  (in*/at)  this sport.
I would like to know some more information about the Camp, before I  leave  .  What  clothes are  most  appropriate and how much money should I take with me ? 
Yours sincerely
Augusto Roy
Dear Kim,
How is everything? Is your dog better? Well here I'm very fine. I bought a new T.V. .  It's  very big and I love it!
In your last letter  you  said that you want to know about my experience at the pop concert. I  enjoyed  it very much .  It  was great! There I helped with the special effects and the sound. They liked me so much and invited me to be     responsible   (with*/for)   the  lights and sound. I told  them  that I will think about it but I  believe  I will accept the job.
The most  incredible  part was the laser show. They were  drawing  a lot of things in the sky during the concert.
Next time I'll take you and your friend Monica. I'm  sure  that you are going to love it.
Please write back
Love and Peace
Augusto.
13th June 2000
Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
Dear Madam,
I am writing in response to your letter, in which you told me I am the winner in your competition, and my intention is to try to give you all the information you may need   .
I would like to travel in July because I  have  another trip ,  to Spain ,  in August,  which  is the perfect month for me, otherwise I would not travel to Spain.
About accommodation, I would prefer  a   tent  instead of  a   log cabin  and the reason is I have never used tents and this could be a very exciting experience for me.
The two activities which I  think   would be   best  for me are swimming and sailing. I love the sea,  which  is why I became interested in those activities  when  I was ten . Therefore  I have a lot of experience in both.
Could you give me some advice about the weather in California?
Thank you very much for everything.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
ION GAYARRE
13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
Thank you for asking about my latest good experience .  I  will  let you know what the important details  are .
As you know ,  I helped at a pop concert last month .  I did things as unusual  (in*/for)  me as cleaning instruments,  organising  people, and also  looking  after the  artists' clothes . In fact everything was very easy, the instruments were already clean, and with the clothes my job was only  to wait  there and give them what they asked for.  Organising  people involved   just a couple of things,  telling  people how to do the same as me and when.
The most exciting  things   were  to be able to speak to the singers, the whole environment, and of course to    listen to the Concert  (in*/from)  the very first  row .
All that I can say now is that I would do it again .  I will never forget that day.
Looking forward to seeing you,
Best Wishes
Dear Sir or Madam,
I am  delighted  to receive your letter saying that I have won a two-week holiday in your recent competition and it will all  be  paid  for  in advance. I am writing this letter so as to give you the information which will help you  to organize  all the necessary details of the forthcoming holiday.
I would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of July, due to    problems beyond my control. Otherwise I will not be able to travel abroad.
I would rather stay in one of the log cabins as I am allergic to many plants and insects and I should avoid  coming into contact with  them.
It is wonderful to hear that there is a good variety of activities available at the camp. As I am very interested in photography and swimming I am hoping to take part in  those activities . I came second  in  last year's swimming competition and I have enrolled  in  photography classes.  (In*/On)  the camp I can practise them  a lot .
I was wondering if I need to bring some extra money and thick clothes with me in case there is an emergency. Could you please let me know as soon as you receive my letter ? 
Yours faithfully
Dear Kim,
I am terribly sorry not to drop you a line since the last time we wrote to one another. But I  have finally got  around  to  writing and you'll see that  it's definitely been  worth waiting  for  as I have some great and  unbelievable  news to tell you.
As you know I'm on half-term school holiday and have plenty of time to do  many  more    things apart from studying my A-level history, such as meeting up  with  my friends, visiting interesting places or even going to the cinema on my own.
However ,  this term has been a far cry from the others. You will see why I'm describing it as the most  unforgettable  one when you read through my letter.
 A couple  of days ago I bumped into my best friend ,  who is into music ,  and we started to have a chat about what we had both been doing. She invited me to the rehearsal of a huge  concert   by a  singer  who   is  a well-known pop star as well as my  favourite . Can you believe that I was introduced to him and I took numerous photographs ,  some of which I put in the envelope. It was like a dream come true, and was the best part of the experience in my opinion. I helped out my friend by writing huge billboards and making some light refreshments. Despite the fact that I felt exhausted I must admit that it was one of the days I will never forget  throughout  my  whole  life
 Write   to  me soon.
 Yours sincerely ,
Dear Sir/Madam , 
I've just  received  your  letter , and I must say that I am so surprised .  I wasn't expecting to win it.
I  am  still  studying  at the moment I will finish at the end of June so I will be able to leave at the  beginning  of July.
 Regarding  the  accommodation , I would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent so as to get a better rest.  I have   a  problem  sleeping  and a log cabin will be more peaceful than a  tent .
You are asking me to choose just 2 activities. It's quite  difficult  for me because there are 4 of them I like a lot ,   which  are climbing, tennis, surfing and photography, but if I have to make a  choice , I choose climbing and surfing. I'm rather  experienced   (in*/at)  climbing .  I have done it once a  month  since I was 17. But  on the other hand , I have never  been  surfing .  I am a  complete   beginner  but I am  dying  to do it.
I've got just one question to  ask  .  I know it is all  inclusive , but is there anything I will have to pay for? If there is, please let me know.
I am looking forward to hearing from you very soon, and please let me know if you need any further information.
Yours Faithfully:
First of all, I think we should have a protagonist for it. A good idea to start will be  an alarm clock  ringing close to his bed, because that's the way everyone  gets  up in the morning   ( apart from  the people who don't do  anything ) . 
After that, we should have a morning  shot  of one of the  busiest  London tube  stations  in order to show stressed people going in and out,  among them  our protagonist  leaving  peacefully with a couple of books  (on*/in)  his hand - then the school's door, and him going in.
After    this introduction,  it  will be    time to show some of the  activities   everyone  can  do   (in*/at)  the school,  such as  lessons  or others like the library, our protagonist having a  coffee  with some  colleagues  in the   cafe  bar , the reception service   .
And finally a  shot  of all the students leaving the school would be a nice  ending .
Dear Mrs Ryan,
I'm writing to give you the information you requested in your letter dated March   31st, in which you informed me that I have won first prize in your competition.
I can only travel in July, because the Hospital I work for has  allowed me to take  my holidays  (on*/in)  that month. I don't mind if I travel during the first fortnight or during the second one, although I would prefer travelling during the second fortnight, if it is possible.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer staying in  a   log cabin . I have never liked staying in tents because I think they are uncomfortable, especially if the stay is going to last more than two or three days.
It's difficult for me to  choose  two activities from your list, but I think I would like to play basketball. I have never been good at team sports, but I really like basketball and I think it can be very interesting to meet other people by means of this team sport. I like swimming too, because I think it is one of the best sports to keep you fit and healthy.
I would be very grateful if you could give me some  additional  information. What type of clothes must I take? Is it necessary to take  formal dress  for any formal events? Must I take cash    or can I use    credit cards? Thank you in advance for your help.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Thanks for your last letter. I can understand why you are impatient to hear about my experience at the concert last month. I have met our favourite singer, Celine Dion! She is wonderful. But, first of all, let me explain to you what I did during the concert.
We arrived at the stadium the  evening before . The team of volunteers was a great one, and all of us were willing to help  (in*/with)  anything they needed  done . Firstly, we were asked to  clean  the stadium, especially the seats and surroundings. When we finished  cleaning , some of us offered     to help  to  bring  the sound equipment into the stadium. They said that it wasn't necessary and we sat down on the grass and observed how the  stage  was being prepared for the concert.
And then, when  everything  was  ready , Celine appeared  (in*/on)  the  stage  to  do   a  sound  check . I was astonished. It was incredible! I was so near her! When she finished the  sound check , I went to meet her .  I told her I was very happy     to be  there and  to have  helped at the concert, and I asked her  for  an  autograph . She gave it to me with a great smile and gave permission to take a photograph of both of us. And she dedicated the photograph to me!
I still believe it has only been a dream! I am willing to show you the  autograph  and the photograph.
Please, make sure you can come next weekend. We will be able to talk  about  the concert and we will listen together to     Celine Dion's last CD. 
Let me know if you are going to come so that I  can  prepare the bedroom to put you up  in .
Please, come!
Best wishes,
Dear Ms. Ryan
Thank you very much for your letter. I  appreciated     this big news. Please, let me tell you my answer now.
First, I would like to travel during July.  This is because  my college will finish  (in*/at)  the end of June and I am going to go back to Japan in August. Second, I prefer to stay  in  a log cabin. I usually stay  in  a tent during camping. Actually, I don't like  tents  so much. Therefore, I am interested in staying  in  a log cabin. Third, I chose painting and golf as activities. I learned painting when I was  a  school student.  In particular , I like water painting. Also, I belonged to  a  golf club when I went to university in Japan.
Finally, I would like you to advise  me  about clothes and pocket money, which I will take. Thanking you for your time.
Yours sincerely,
Shopping is always enjoyable for me. I love shopping. I never feel tired during shopping.
 In particular , I prefer to go  to  department stores. They are heaven! I can spend  all day in there . In fact, they have many  kinds  of products which make me happy. To be honest, I don't always buy these products ,  but I can be satisfied with just looking  at  them. Some people  don't  like to go shopping with a friend who takes  a  long time to decide. Even in this case, shopping is fun for me. I believe there are  a  lot of  ways  to enjoy shopping.
By the way, shopping is a sort of therapy. I sometimes go shopping when I have stress. Shopping helps me to cheer up every time. I think many people,  especially  women,  have   the  same experience. But the most important  thing  to enjoy shopping is not to  spend   all   the  money which you have.
Dear   Helen
Thank you for the letter. I was very  pleased  when I knew that I had won the first prize. I would like to go there only in July, please , because  I have a holiday in July. For accommodation I would    prefer log cabins because  they are  more comfortable than tents. And I don't have to worry about the weather. For two activities,  regarding  the first one ,  can I  do  Tennis, please , because  I'm very good  (with*/at)  tennis. I used to play a lot when I was a student.  Regarding the  second one ,  can I  do  Photography, please , because   this is  my hobby. And my dad just bought me a new camera. So  this  will be my first chance     to use  it.
Can you tell me what sort of clothes    I need to bring, please. I'm not sure about the weather in California in the daytime and in the  nighttime . And  do you have  any idea    how much money    I need to bring ? 
Thank you very much for your  offer . I hope to hear    from you.
Yours sincerely
Hi, Kim
Thanks for the letter asking about  the  pop concert. It was really good. I'm glad I went. My responsibilities  were  selling the tickets and making sure that everything  was   alright . It was good to work with a lot of people and  to share  experiences. I met a lot of famous pop bands for the first time. I would feel sad if I  hadn't gone  there. They gave me a concert    T-shirt. I'll show you  my  photographs.
 From that time I had a lot of friends  also some of them  were  old friends from college. So we    still keep in touch. And  the  next concert we were promised we'll be there again. I wish you  had been  there with us. Because sometimes you  wouldn't have known the experience until you had  had  it .
 Anyway  ,  I will  send  you some photographs. I hope to hear back from you. Take care and don't work too hard. Please  give  my love to your family.
Best wishes
13th JUNE 2000
Dear Miss Helen Ryan,
I am really glad     to receive  the first  prize  in your competition .   It  will be very  pleasant   joining the  holiday  .
 Regarding  your first question, I would like to travel only  (at*/in)  July because it is my school  holiday  so I would not miss any  classes .
I rather prefer to stay in tents because I like to stay as  close  as possible to nature ;  it makes me feel better.
 As regards  activities I would choose singing and surfing .  Surfing  because it is my  favourite  sport .  I have been surfing since I was a child so I am pretty good  (on*/at)  it .  And  singing because I really love it .  I am not as good  (on*/at)  singing as I am  (on*/at)  surfing but I like doing it.
I would like to ask about  some things  which might be necessary for me to take with  me , like what kind of clothes should I take, should I take my own  surfboard , and what about money, should I bring some with me?
I am looking forward to  hearing  from you.
Yours sincerely
13th JUNE 2000
Dear Kin,
As you know, I had a great experience last month giving a helping hand  (for*/to)  the band called RAMONES.
It was a breeze to help them and was very cool as well ;  those guys really know how to play rock.
I  only had  to stay behind the drummer  supplying  them with water whenever they wanted.
When the band had just started to play, lots of girls started to jump the  fence  getting very close to them .  Some  of the girls started to take their clothes  off , which was the best part for me, but some of  the   security  went there and took them away.
Afterwards, the Ramones had a short break and when they  came  back from their break  they just went   (of*/off)  ! 
I had a really nice time with them even  though  I would've  preferred  to stay at the front with the  other  people, but anyway it was a great experience for me, I  hope  to be able to help them next year.
I  hope  you've  enjoyed  my experience, and I hope to hear from you soon.
See yah mate
Dear Mrs. Helen Ryan,
I'm writing about the competition you organised. I have just received a letter from you where you say I won the first prize in you competition. I'm very glad about that and I also want to ask you a few questions.
I can only travel to California this July because  then   I  will be  on  my winter holidays. Before and after this period is impossible for me: I have classes and I also have to work.
About the accommodation, I prefer to stay in tents. I have always dreamed about going camping and staying in a tent. Now my dream will finally come true. I think this way is better to keep in touch with    nature.
I would like to do  photography  and swimming. I love to take photos but I don't have  any   technique . I would like to learn more about it. I have always  swum  and I can say I'm good  (on*/at)  it.
I would like to know what kind of clothes I will need to take, if it's cold out there and about the money. How much money do you think I have to take to buy food and anything else I will need? Do you have any idea about how much we spend per day?
I'm looking forward  (from*/to)  hearing from you,
Yours sincerely,
Raquel Soares
Shopping is not always enjoyable
We can hear many    people saying that when they are upset or stressed they like to go shopping.  It is  a kind of relief for them.
Of course it is good to buy things for ourselves, like clothes,  jewellery , anything.  Especially  if we don't have to worry about money. It's good to walk around looking  at  all the  new things  in the stores.
But, sometimes,  going  shopping can have other effects on you. It can stress you. For example, when the place is crowded and noisy and you can't even move easily to look around. When you can't find what you are looking for anywhere. When you buy something you were looking for a long time and, when you arrive at home, you discover some  defect  on it and have to go back to the store to complain. It is just terrible when the  assistants  don't treat us well .  Sometimes  we just give up and never come back to that store. And, a really bad thing is, after buying everything you wanted and feeling very happy with all that, you realize that you spent more money than you should  have ...
So, after all this, I suggest that before you decide to go shopping to feel better you should think of all the problems you may have while you are shopping or the big headache you can have after it. It would probably be better if you just  went  shopping when you really  needed  and, to relax, you can talk to a friend, read a book or listen to good music.
Remember:  going  shopping is not always the  best  choice. It can be very unpleasant sometimes.
São Rafael, 13/06/00
Dear Helen
I'm pleased to receive your  letter  and  really  happy that I won the first prize.
I would prefer to travel only  (on*/in)  July because it's when my vacations start. I could even think about  skipping  school. July is also good because the  weather  is warm and I could  enjoy   the time I will spend in the camp more . I would prefer  a   tent  because I'll be in touch with    nature and I could listen  to  the sounds of the night. The two activities that I've chosen are Climbing and Photography. I've already climbed for four months on walls, indoor climbing. I think I can  handle  it very well. I've  chosen  Photography because I love to take pictures! I've never  taken  any classes or training but I think I can take very good pictures. I would like to learn more about developing films.
I have some questions myself .  I would like to know:
. if I have to take  any  special  equipment   (to*/for)  the activities that I've chosen
. If I have to take lots of clothes or is there a service to wash them.
. What kind of  chosen  do I have to take
.  Whether   there is  a phone, a fax or e-mail so I can be in touch with my  family  . 
. If I have to take any money. If  so  how much?
I hope I've answered all  your  questions and I would be  pleased  if mine could also be answered.
 yours  sincerely,
Sabrina Rodriguez
São Rafael, 13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
How are you? What have you been doing there in New York? Did you find a girlfriend? Yesterday was Valentine's day here in Portugal .   In particular  I had to spend it alone... again.
I'm writing to you to tell you about a pop concert that  happened  here in São Rafael. Red Hot Chilli  Peppers  came here for a short time and they played at the "Chedicard Hall". It was  really  cool because I did some backstage  work . I helped with the  clothing  ,  with some paperwork, with the microphones, with the computers. I was  everywhere . I was kind of a "handy girl". I did a little bit of everything.. The best part was when the band arrived. I took lots of pictures, asked for  autographs  and I even gave them my  cell  phone number! They  promised  me that they would call me  someday ,  which  I  particularly  doubt.  Something  that was also great was to watch the show from     backstage . It's  a  unique experience. I wished you could  have been  there with me.
I hope you answer this letter as  quickly  as possible with lots of thing to tell me.
Lots of kisses and hugs
Your pen friend
Sabrina Rodriguez
Bernard Moreau
place de la Madeleine
87022 PARIS
Competition Organiser
Helen Ryan
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
You have sent me a letter about the competition  and the  first prize I have won. You asked me  (about*/for)  some further information.
First, I'd like to travel  (on*/in)  July at any time from the first to the  30th  because of my vacation period. I'd rather have a few days at the beginning of July to prepare  myself .
Second, I'd prefer  to have  a log cabin where I could  store  some  things .
 Finally , I'd like to  play  tennis and to try climbing. Is    any ability required?
Could you send me a  note  about travelling in California which could help me?
Yours sincerely
Bernard Moreau
The Old Man and the Sea
This book  remains  one of the best  in   American   literature    . It is  classed  as one of the ten books that should  be  in your own library. But it is also the most famous short story  (from*/by)  Ernest Hemingway. Based on a very simple story, the story of an old man fishing, it  is  a deep  reflection   (about*/on)   age .
A veteran  fisherman  takes his boat and goes fishing to  convince  himself and other  men  that he is still able to do  it . Then, Hemingway paints a marvellous description of fishing    and of the great fight between the fish and the old man. The 24-hour fight is described in  such a   peaceful , faithful way that it  callas a though about life and death . I  recommend  this book     as a way   to discover both  Hemingway and  American   literature .
Dear  Mrs  Helen Ryan,
I'm surprised to read that I've won the first prize. So I  will  travel  (on*/in)  July because I've  only got   some   free time then . I've got a lot of work and my boss  won't allow  me to leave my  work   at  any other time.
I  would  prefer to stay in a tent because it's more like a camp. And so I can    be  closer to  nature. I'm happy to read that I will have the chance to do two activities there. I  choose  painting and photography. I like painting and I have talent .  I could paint all    day. Photography is a relaxing activity. You can photograph all  kinds  of  arts you want . I take very good photos!
I  must  ask you about clothes and money. What kind of clothes should I bring with me? And what about money? Do you pay for  everything ? And for food, drinks etc?
I'm looking forward  to  hearing news from you.
Yours
Shopping is not always enjoyable
We people are often depressed or  suffer   from  stress. What  do we do  then? We go shopping. That  often makes  women feel better. They go out with friends or alone. But shopping is not always enjoyable.
A friend of mine was depressed because her  boyfriend   left  her. She  phoned  me and asked me    about going shopping. I  agreed  and we went shopping.  Just as  we  wanted  to go out of a shop a man stopped us and  held  a pistol in his hand. We were scared and so we did  everything   that  he told us  to do . We  are  lucky that we are  alive  now. The police came and took  him  to the jail (police station).
 You can't be  careful  because you don't know what time it will  happen  . But you can be  careful  when you speak with  he  or  she   who      is stealing  your  things .
Dear Helen,
Thank you very much for your letter which said I  have  won first prize in your competition. I was really  surprised  to hear that.
I am afraid I can only make it  (on*/in)  July, because I am taking exams this month. Moreover, I'll prepare everything for going to University  (on*/in)  August. I have no time until Christmas. So, I think the best time is July.
The accommodation I prefer is  a  tent. I haven't  tried  it before. I would like to know how interesting it is to live in tents. If I can only choose two activities while I am at the Camp, I would like climbing and Basketball. I started climbing  when  I was a child. I love it very much. About    Basketball, I have been  playing  it for seven years. I would like to play basketball with local people at the Camp to see how good they are, if I can.
Finally, may I ask  for  some more  information  ?  What kinds of clothes  should  I take?  . How  about the weather there?  Will  you give me some pocket-money during the trip ?  Also, may I take a friend with me ? How  much  should  she pay?
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely,
JIA LI LO
To: Teacher Cheng
From: Jia Lo
Date: 13/06/00
Subject: a short video about daily life at school
As I was asked, I spoke to a number of students about their opinions  concerning  this short video. I found that most of them  suggested  that four lessons should be filmed ,  which  are  as follow:
1.   Grammar , which is the  basis  of learning English .
2. Speaking :  it makes you more confident when you talk with other  people .  It lets  you  get  more  practice .
3. Listening . It   is  really helpful for improving your listening and understanding.
4. Writing . This   class   teaches  you how to organise what you want to write.
Also, there are two activities  that  should be filmed.
1. Students  talk  to each other when they are having  a  break. It is important to  practise  your English after lessons.
2.  Teachers   help  students with their problems. If you have  a  problem     studying ,  try  asking  the  teachers  about which  is the best way  to study .
In Conclusion, the short video is only 60 minutes. It must show the daily  lives  of the English students at the school. It should include all those points lists above.
Dear Helen , 
It is so nice to hear the news from you that I have won the first prize. I'm looking forward to getting sun-tanned under the sun in California.
Here  is  the information which you asked me for. I would like to travel in July, because it is the only month that I will be able to take  days off .
Also my kids have school holidays during this month therefore I hope to travel in mid    July.
I'd prefer to say in log cabins , because  our family had some bad experiences with using tents. Whenever we used a tent, we had bugs or the rain dropped inside the tent.
It was very difficult to choose only two of those fascinating activities, but I made a decision, which is Golf and Photography. Since my hobby is taking photos I am very interested in this field and have studied by myself about it. But Golf is an  absolutely  new trial. I can imagine myself playing Golf  (in*/on)  those beautiful Californian golf-courses. Even though I'm poorly skilled.
   I wonder what else I have to pack to go there. Inform me if I have to bring special dresses or only outdoor clothes, and also if it is necessary to bring some money  (for*/with)  me.
Thanks
Yours sincerely
Dearest Kim
How are you? I  hope  you are fine. I'm fine  too  but I'm quite busy  finding  another part time job after the one, which was  the one supporting the concert .
I remember that you asked me to tell you about that job. It was fantastic but a bit hard!
First when I got there I realised that I was the only woman and I had to work in the box-office. It was quite terrible when I had to  make  people leave, because all tickets were sold out.
Then the concert started, I was called  (from*/by)  one of the  staff  for help, finally I could get into the stadium. The next  task  I was  given  was ironing costumes. Can you imagine that I touched all of the costumes the singer wore?
It was a pity that I had no chance to learn how the sound system works, which I was mostly interested  in . But it was terrific enough to hear the band performing and to see the audience's reactions, meanwhile the backstage couldn't even  enjoy  that fantastic atmosphere.
What I really liked was that every single person had to be responsible for his role, till we left the stadium. And that  made  the concert absolutely perfect.
I  hope  this is enough to express my feeling and I hope someday we can share such things together.
Stay pretty and lovely!
Kisses from
Satomi Fukao
12 Dover Street
AS3 7GH, London
13, Jun, 2000
Mrs. Helen Ryan
Competition Organiser
Dear Madam
I have received the letter which tells me that  I  have won first prize in your competition. I am going to write about  the  information which you want to know.
First, I would like to travel in  July only , because I have got a job and  July is the only  time I can have a vacation.
Secondly, I would like to choose a tent for accommodation, because I have never spent time in a tent, that's why, I think it is a good  opportunity  for me.
I would like to choose swimming and photography  as  activities. I have     plenty  of experience and knowledge of both  aspect of part .
Lastly, I would like to ask you two questions. One of them is    what kind of clothes  are  suitable on this camp. Another one is    how much money I have to  bring .
I  would  be  grateful  if you could inform me.
 Yours faithfully 
Hi! How are you doing? I had a wonderful time last month. I helped  at  a pop concert as a  volunteer . My jobs were collecting     tickets ,  selling  goods and  refreshments , guiding people to  the  right seat and cleaning up the concert  hall  after  the concert finished . I wasn't allowed to help  do     heavy work, even though I wanted to   , because I'm  a  woman. What I particularly liked about the experience was the concert  was   achieved   (by*/through)  our  support . It seemed that all people,  the  audience, the band and  the   staff  were delightful. If I have  the  chance, I want to help  at  a concert again. I have never felt such    satisfaction. I really  recommend  you to help them, I think this is a good  opportunity  and I want you  to understand  my feeling well. I've got lots of things about the concert to talk to you  about . I want to know your  opinion .
If you have time, drop me a line, please.
Bye
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I am writing to you in order to  get  further information about my trip to Camp California and to make some things a bit  clearer  for you.
Firstly, since I'll be very busy during the next three months due to my job's demands, I would like to travel in July. Although the weather may not be  friendly , it is the only time I have to see the beauty of the camp.
I'll choose to stay in  a   tent , considering that I want to feel the country in a more raw way. And being a photographer during my spare time and a swimmer since I was a child, these will be the activities  I'd  like to do while at the camp - I think I am fairly good at doing both things!
I would also like to know some more details about what sort of clothes I will have to bring with me and about the amount of money which  it  will be necessary for me to take.
I'm looking forward to joining you in July and hoping  that  this trip  is  an amazing experience.
Yours sincerely
Pablo Picasso
Shopping can be painful
As a child, I would be taken to the mall and be forced to go through all the shops and establishments just to please my mother, whose desire to buy, without any sort of control, all kinds of clothes and gadgets was something unbelievable. And due to these bizarre  experiences  I went through as a little boy, everything related to shopping seems like a bitter liquid which I'm forced to drink.
It is difficult to see any enjoyment in shopping: facing the crowd, having to withstand the rude clerks and shop managers, trying desperately to choose the right thing - these burdens form the dark side of shopping. Certainly, buying things can be a pleasant activity, especially if you are acquiring the goods for yourself. But situations in which you do not need to move carefully in order to avoid stepping on someone's feet are quite rare and, when they do happen, time passes by very fast. However, if you are another fool standing amidst the crowd, waiting for the queue to move, time slowly melts.
Believe me, shopping can also be painful. Your feet will turn into pancakes after a long day out in the streets and your muscles can get seriously injured after carrying all those bags which contain loads of objects. Amazingly, doctors tell people to look after their bodies during Christmas time: shopping can cause you a large variety of  undesirable  pains.
Nonetheless, people still find some obscure pleasure in putting their mental health at  risk . They keep claiming that  there's nothing better than  shopping. In spite of our decadence, some cheap souls still have the courage to say that, by shopping, they're filling their empty spaces.
Dear Ms Ryan,
I am writing to you to give  you  some  required  information. First of all, I am glad to hear that I won the first prize in your competition. I am happy to visit the United States  (under*/with)  your organisation.
Actually, I would like to go to Camp California next July because I have got two  weeks'  holiday then. I also will be pleased to stay in  a   log cabin . My experience  (in*/of)  camping is not so huge  as to encourage me  to stay in  a   tent  for 2 weeks.
 You  asked me what activities I would like to join  in with . Surfing is something that I have  always  wanted to try.  As you can see,  I have  absolutely  no experience in it. Will it be possible to join a  surfing  school? For the second activity I have chosen photography. I enjoy taking pictures of landscapes .  I have also  attended  a photography course. So    my  standard  is not  a   beginner's  anymore.
Moreover, could you please tell me what kind of clothes I should take with me?  What kind of money is used ?
I am looking forward to going on  holiday .
Yours sincerely,
Mr Oliver Herre
Brighton, 13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
 Forgive me for not writing to  you sooner. As you know, I was fairly busy with    studying for my First Certificate.
The concert was  absolutely  marvellous! So many happy people in the crowds, that the atmosphere was infectious. Anyway, what you wanted to know was what  my job was . Actually my job was not really stressful, but I had contact  with  and access to all the famous  pop stars . I had to bring them refreshments. That has been my dream since my childhood.
I was a little bit disappointed  (about*/with)  their attitude. They didn't really appreciate  the  service. Some of them were quite rude. Apart from that, it was an amazing experience.   If  you ever  have  the opportunity to do something like this then do it without hesitating. I liked  seeing  their way of life.
I hope you will write  to  me very soon and I hope  to tell you  more about my concert experience in the backstage area.
Lots of love,
13th June 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan
Regarding your letter dated    the 6th of June I'm so happy to receive the first  prize . Thanks very much.
I would like to travel in July to California. The reason is that we have long holidays at school  (on*/at)   that  time. Although   the accommodation isn't so important for me ,  I would prefer the log cabin because of the comfort and the better bed.
I have  chosen   as my  activities surfing and photography. I'm a beginner  (on*/at)  both activities.
I have  the following questions :
1. What kind of clothes are needed?
2. What  do  I have to pay    myself?
3. Should I take some money with me?
4. How is the  weather  in California?
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours  sincerely ,
A. Becker
Shopping is not always enjoyable
Most of the time  shopping is  fun and enjoyable.
There are a lot of reasons  why   it   can  be awful to go shopping.  Even  if you run out of money or you have to buy a particular thing which is difficult to find. I  once had  this problem. I was looking for a special fruit.
The sales assistants in the stores aren't so nice  or  helpful. Sometimes they give me a bad feeling  like   ,,customer treat with order" .
Last week I was shopping with my younger brother. Awful !  He wanted everything  that  his eyes saw. All the stuff for children  is   (in*/on)  the same level as    their eyes. Afterwards, I felt tired and  unsatisfied   with  the store.
The shops have bad opening times.
When I feel  in the mood  for shopping everything  is  closed or  I  haven't enough time to look around.
My conclusion on these points  is  not so bad. I like shopping  only  with my best friend.
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have just received your letter  (with*/of)  congratulations and I am writing to you in order to provide you with information you need.
First of all, I would like to start with the time of the  trip . I would prefer to go to the Camp  (on*/in)  July. The reasons for my choice are that I am having my graduation exams in June and my entrance exams in August.
As regards  accommodation , I would    choose  to stay  in tents. That is because I am keen on  hitchhiking  and I  am used  to living in tents. It is quite romantic, I think.
As to the activities offered ,  I would love to go in for swimming and photography while camping, although I am not  very  good at the last one. Actually, I would like to take up photography as a hobby and if you can provide me with an opportunity to study in this area, I will accept it with pleasure. As regards swimming, it is my passion from    childhood and I have been going in for this kind of sport for five years now.
 Finally  ,  I would like to ask you if you could send me some additional information. I wonder what kind of clothes I should take with me. I don't know much about the weather down there, in California, so I am rather  puzzled  about what to wear there.  Also , I would like to know how much money  I will  need and which  expenses   I will  have to  cover     myself.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
XAVA SURGANOVA
Subject: to suggest what should be filmed for a short video about  the  daily life of our school.
Introduction.
The aim of this report is to find out what are the most important things people should see  when  watching the short  video film  about the daily routine of our school.
The Area Around the School:
I have  conducted  a little survey on the subject of my report and I have  discovered  that most of the pupils of our school  think  that the region and the area around school should be filmed first. Personally I agree with their  opinion  and think that it will be interesting for viewers to learn about the surroundings of the school. We should film our gardens around  the  school and  the  pitch with the  courts  for  volleyball  and tennis at the back of the school in the very beginning.
Classrooms, Lessons and Breaks.
 The next  things to be shot,  according to  the majority of students ,   should be  the teaching process and the breaks. Obviously it will be interesting to find out what methods are used by our teachers to help pupils understand their subject better. Here I should also mention the  decor  of our classrooms and  the  atmosphere in them. People should see all the renovations that have been  done  during the last  few  years and all  the  modern conveniences that were  installed  for both students and teachers.
And as regards breaks ,   students  consider them  to be  a very important part of school life, despite all  the  mess and noise.
Outdoor Activities
And the last but not least thing we should include in the film are the outdoor activities, which our  students  are provided with in our school. We can  make some short shots about  the school theatre and  its   events  and also about the  sports clubs  and their competitions and awards.
Conclusion
In the conclusion of my report I would like to say that the suggestions were made according to the survey  conducted  among the students of our school. I hope you will consider this information.
Dear Sir/Madam
Thank you for your lovely letter .  I was really  surprised  to  hear  I  had  won    your competition.
 It will be a pleasure to give you  all  the  information  which  you need.
I would like to book my tickets  (from*/for)  the beginning of July. The 3rd of July will suit    me.
As far as I know  accommodation  at Camp California is in tents or log cabins. I prefer log cabins. It's more  convenient  for me.
I am very glad I can  choose  two activities while I  am  at the Camp. I am keen on basketball .  I played in my country for 7 years. I am  a  good  defender .
I would like to choose surfing  as  my second  activity . I've never done it before. I'd like to get some lessons if it's possible. I've seen how people do it but I've never tried it  myself .
I'd like to know what temperature  it will be  in July in California and  your  advice about how much money I will need to have an  unforgettable   holiday !
Yours  faithfully 
 Shopping is  not always enjoyable, is it?
We can't say that  it  is always enjoyable or  it  is not. Every new day is not the same. But...
I think that good shopping depends on  us . If we  decide  to  buy   something  special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it. Probably, maybe not.
 Sometimes  we have     to deal  with  unsatisfactory  service or ,  for example ,   can  you imagine  meeting the wrong people on the way to the shop  or someone  telling  you bad news.
Or  perhaps the  quality of your new thing is not so good  as  you    expected.  The situations  are  various .
Maybe you will spend all your money  (for*/on)  a new thing and a few hours later your best friend will invite you to go to  a  night-club but you  will be  short of money. Some people will do crazy things in  a  situation like this. They will hate this new thing because they will miss a party.
But I want to wish you  some  enjoyable shopping  all your way .
Dear Helen Ryan:
I am writing to give you the information  that  was  requested  in the letter you  sent  me.
Firstly, the best date for me to travel will be  in  the second week of July because I will be very busy  (in*/at)  any other  time  for  work reasons .
Secondly I would prefer sleeping in  a   log cabin  because I  would   feel  much more comfortable. One reason is the cold, and the other is that I cannot sleep on the floor because I have problems  (in*/with)  my back.
Finally, the two activities I would like to do while I am camping are Singing and Basketball. The first one because I think I am good at it and also I love singing loudly with other people. The last one I have never tried    but I think I  could   play  it well because I am very tall and that could make things easier.
I would like to know if I must take some money and what kind of clothes I will need.
I look forward to hearing from you.
 yours   sincerely 
Dear Kim:
I'm very sorry I haven't written  to  you for such a long time but I had to make a  trip  to my  parents'  house because my mother  had an operation ; don't worry ,  she is all right now.
Last month I went to help at a pop concert where Rolling Stones were playing. It was a wonderful experience but at the same time I had to work very hard. The things I did were:  preparing  and  checking  the equipment, I had to clean all the stadium,  making  sure that all the lights were in perfect  working order , that the singers were  comfortable  and relaxed, etc.
The most exciting thing was talking with the band,  asking them questions  and of course listening  to  the music and enjoying the incredible show.
It was the most exciting experience I've ever had in my life.
Best wishes.
Dear Ryan,
 I've  just  finished  reading the letter from you about  winning  first prize in your competition  -  two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A. You     asked  me  for  some further information.
I would like to travel  (on*/in)     July only  because  I'll be free for the whole month. So any date  (on*/in)     July. I'd like to  stay  at Camp California in tents , because   I  like to sleep in  a  tent when  I  go camping. Also I would like to choose the two activities  from the list that you have given me . I would like to choose Swimming and Photography. I'm good  (in*/at)  swimming. I used to swim for the school team. But I  have never done  photography before. I love to take     photos  but never have  a  chance to do so. But I have  a  chance to choose.
Also I would like to ask you some questions. Do I have to bring    lots of money? I mean do I have to pay for the tent? What about the clothes ? Do  I have to bring a lot? That is all  I  want to know. Thank you
 Yours  sincerely
LINDSAY WATTANA
10/05/2000
Dear Kim,
Hi, how are you? I'm fine. I just got your letter yesterday. You     asked  me a question about my experience  of  helping at a pop concert. You wanted me to tell you about it ,  right?
Well, it  was  quite fun while  I   was  helping them to do the stuff before the concert  started . I  had  to get  everything  that they  needed  up    the  stairs .  It was  so  tiring . Then after that I  had  to help them carry all the clothes for the singer to wear from the bus down  into  the  staff  room. I saw Westlife too . You  know they are so cute. Then I  could  take  a  rest  for  about 30 mins. After that  I   had  to go  into  the  staff  room again because they wanted me to go and buy some drink for the singer. After  I  came back  I   had  to help them clean all the  make-up  stuff. The concert  began ...  That   meant   I   could  take  a  rest until the concert  finished . After the concert had  finished   I   had  to help them again to clean all the stuff ,   I had   to carry   everything  that I  could  carry back to the bus. We were so  tired  but  it was  good fun. I think this experience was quite interesting. If somebody  asked  me to go and help again I would like to go for sure.
That's all  I  did  (in*/at)  the pop concert for my  experience . What about your experience? Don't forget to tell me about yours ,  okay... Better go to sleep now. Bye
Antonia.
June 13th, 2000
Dear Mrs. Ryan,
I am writing concerning the  trip  I have won in your competition.
First of all I will try to answer your questions.
For me it is only possible to go to the USA in July. The reason for this is that I have to work in August and from September to June I have to go to school.
I would prefer  a   log cabin  and I hope that then I will have enough  room  for all the things I will  bring  with me.
The activities you offer are really interesting. I would like to take part in a painting course and I would like to get to know how to handle a camera.
Unfortunately, I do not have  my  own camera.
In spite of this, I have got all  the   equipment  I need for    painting and I  paint  very well.
Could you please tell me if I will need some extra money for the two activities.
Secondly, I want to know if I should take any warm clothes with me.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
13th June 2000
Dear Kim,
It was nice to hear from you recently.
I am writing to tell you about my work at the pop concert.
I went there  at  10 o'clock in the morning. Then a young man told me what to do. First of all I had to carry all the bottles into the bar and later I helped some other people to get the instruments in the right position. It was really hard work.
At one o'clock I had a break. At this  point  I promised  myself  that I would never do this awful job again. The food was  delicious  and fortunately I  did not have  to pay for it.
In the afternoon I was sitting around, waiting for the pop groups. Then at five o'clock my favourite band "Tristania" arrived.
I talked to them and to many other groups that arrived later.
In the end I was happy that I had done this job. It was really a wonderful day.
I think it would be a good idea if we two did this job together    next year.
Give my regards to your family.
Best wishes,
Dear Helen Ryan , 
I have just received your letter, and thank you very much for your reply.
I am very happy to take part in the competition and I would like to give you all the information you need:
First of all, I am available to travel in July from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during  that  month.
Secondly, if you don't mind, I would prefer to sleep in a tent. Although it is not very comfortable, I like camping very much.
Thirdly, I am very interested in swimming and also climbing. I took up climbing five years ago and I am very keen on  it . I am very good at swimming as well because I practise this sport every week in my city.
Finally, could you tell me what I need to  wear  and also how much money I will spend    ? 
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
I have  been  asked to write a composition regarding the question , '  It  is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable. ' 
In fact,    shopping can  have  some  disadvantages  for different reasons:
Firstly, you have to queue for a long time to get a free  changing room  and waste    time putting on some clothes  when  in the end they are not the right size. Secondly, it is easy to spend a lot of money in  a  few minutes and  you can soon regret   buying  all  those  clothes   which you don't really need.
Thirdly, some clothes can have some stains on and you haven't noticed this before buying  them , so you have to go back to the shop. However, it is not easy to get a refund or to change them.
In my opinion,    shopping  gives  me a lot of satisfaction especially  when  I am depressed .  Nevertheless  it could be very dangerous for my wallet.
Dear Helen Ryan,
Thank you for the  news    that I won the competition. I'll try to answer your questions.
I would  prefer   to travel  in July .  I have only  this  time, because my summer holidays  are  during these days.
To    answer  your question  about living in tents or cabins, I would like to sleep in a tent. A cabin  reminds  me too much  (to*/of)  my home and is too  comfortable  . That  isn't what I want to have if I  stay  in a wild area.
My favourite sports are climbing and surfing .  I'm very good at climbing but for surfing I need some  practice .
Yes, I have some questions  (on*/about)  clothes . What  should I take with me and how much money will I need?
I hope   I was able to answer your questions and you will perhaps soon give me a reply  (on*/to)  my ones.
Yours, Vadim Titov
Dear Kim,
You  won't  believe what I did last month. I was given the opportunity to  build up  the concert and of course I  jumped at it .
First I arrived really early in the morning  (on*/at)  the place, but the people were just working and I joined them. My duty was to  montage  the spot lights on the right places, but it wasn't  very  easy. You  always had  some problems    like not having enough wire or the lamps  being  broken by the transport. The experience that I  had  was   that I had never worked in  such a  perfect team. I was able to ask anybody, and he answered  in detail ,  although  he  had a lot  of work.
After the hard work we  had  cool drinks, sat down on the ground and enjoyed the pop concert. And as the pop stars thanked us for our hard  work  we all were a little proud to be here.
Love, Vadim
Dear Helen Ryan,
I have seen your letter  (for*/about)  Camp California in the U.S.A and I would like to travel in July because I am pretty busy with my studies and I am working with my dad in his office now.
First of all, you state in the letter that the accommodation at Camp California is in tents or log cabins. I would prefer to stay in  a   tent  because I like being in contact with    nature   .
Secondly, from the list of activities that you  provide  in the letter I would prefer swimming because when I was a child I  did  this sport for 8 years. In addition, I would prefer photography too because I love taking photos.
Finally,  I  would be grateful if you could clarify what kind of clothes I must  take  and how much I will spend during the stay at the Camp.
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours  sincerely 
Dear Kim,
Many thanks for your last letter. I'm sorry I haven't written for so long but as you can imagine I've been pretty busy with my studies.
Anyway, the reason I'm writing is that you asked me about my experience with the most famous pop group in America: "Mana"
Jane's grandfather was the organiser of the pop concert and Jane had invited me to help  (in*/at)  the event. First I didn't accept but finally she  convinced  me. It was the most  exciting  experience I have ever had! I helped with the lights and I was in charge of the food and  drink . I did hamburgers and hot dogs and I  prepared  orange juices.
It was  great  because I  got to know  a lot of people and the most important person was Alex, the  drummer  of the group. You know he is my love! He's  good looking .
I enjoyed <NS type="MA"></NS> very much.
Give my love to your family
Write soon
Love,
13 June 2000
Dear Mrs Ryan:
I am very glad I won the Competition to go to Camp California.
I must say though, I would have to travel  (on*/in)  July because it's the summer  holidays  for schools and I would like to spend some of them in California and visit a few  friends  if  that  is possible.
 A log cabin   would  be  the  ideal  accommodation  . Presumably  they are more spacious than  tents  and it would be easier to keep tidy. It's always nice to have a warm, clean place to go to after sailing ,  which is one of the activities I would like to do. And I'm quite good at  it . Climbing would be my second option,  but  for this I'm afraid I would need some instruction  because  I've only done it a few times.
I would like to know how much money    people  usually  take and how  much   clothing .
Sincerely Yours
13 July
Dear Kim:
Well, you want to know what I did  (in*/at)  the concert? Help..
I know it  sounds  extremely boring and that is exactly what I thought when I was asked to help, but to my  surprise  it turned out to be much more fun  than  expected.
About 20 people were helping apart from me . We  had  a  kind of rotation system so that all the volunteers could also enjoy some of the concert.
Of course there was the cooking and bar-tending for anyone who was hungry during the  breaks . The hard work, though, started when everyone left at the end of the concert. It was in fact more fun than the concert itself; believe it or not, all the  pop stars  came to help us clean up and we all had a food fight with the  leftovers !
It was so fun,  and  I enjoyed it a lot. If you ever know of a concert that needs volunteers tell me, I'm in!!!
Write back soon
Dear Helen Ryan , 
I have just received your letter which    made me so  happy . I  cannot   believe  that I won first prize in your competition, because I  have always believed  I am an  unlucky  man and now I think  some things  are changing in my life.
I would like to come in July, because I am studying English and we have  a   one-month  break  (at*/in)  July, so please  book my log cabin   (by*/for)   July .
I  would  prefer  to stay  in  a  cabin because I  had  some experience  (with*/of)  tents  (from*/in)  my childhood and it was not  a  very good experience ,  therefore I would like to stay in  a  cabin.
You  say  in your letter I  can  do two activities from the list which  features     many exciting activities.
I  would   definitely   choose   basketball  and  swimming   which  are    my dream  sports . I used to    play in  the  school team when I was in high school and our team was    one of the best  basketball   teams  in  the   whole  county and I  am  also very good at  swimming .
I would like to ask a few things,  especially  about   the   weather :  what  is the weather  like  in July in the U.S.A ?  What kind of clothes  will I  need and how much money  should I  take with me ?  Because I have never been  to   the  U.S.A. before    I don't know anything  about it. 
I am looking forward to your  letter  of  reply .
 Yours  sincerely
I have never enjoyed doing shopping, but  nowadays   there are  some people  who  are  called   shopaholics .
They are just like  alcoholics  and  these  people   go  shopping every day  because they  cannot  stop  themselves  unless they have not got money     to spend .
I  cannot  believe how they  do  this    every day, even when I need something at home I  always  try to find    something to use instead   . Because  nowadays   wherever  you go there is  a  big queue and I hate  waiting .
The  queues   are  not  the only  problem . If  you go by car there is  the   problem  of  parking , if you go by bus there  are   also   queues  and you have to carry  a lot of    carrier bag  carrier bags  during    your journey and you won't  always be   lucky   enough  to find a seat   .
If you go shopping for    clothes that is the  worst  kind of shopping.  Especially  if you want to buy  clothes  with your girlfriend or if you are     a  girl ,  you have to be  ready      to spend hours   trying  on  clothes . I  really  hate  going  shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they  go  into a shop they want  to try  on every single  item of clothing  and they do not realise  the  time.
Some people  say  "shopping is not  always  enjoyable" but for me  it   is   definitely  unenjoyable and I think it will be  the  same  for   the  rest of my life.
Dear Ms Ryan,
I am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me   about the two weeks at Camp California that I won.
Firstly, I would like to travel in July because I have 2 weeks off  (in*/at)  the beginning of the month.
For the accommodation, I would prefer     a   tent  because I like adventure and simplicity.
Concerning the available activities, firstly, I would choose climbing because I have  done  it for many years.  Secondly , I am interested in  trying  something that I have never done, so I would like to do sailing.
Finally, I was wondering if  any  special clothes are required and how much pocket money I need for this trip?
I thank you  in advance  and  look  forward to your reply.
Yours sincerely
Dear Kim,
I'm writing to you to  tell you about  my experience    helping at a pop concert last month.
First of all, I would like to tell you that I've never had  such a  good time in my life!
The  first day   consisted in surrounding  the     site  with fences.
The second  day's  objective was to install the   stage       lights, loudspeakers and all  the other stuff . This job was quite hard, but we took  our  time  to be not exhausted !
The last day,  which was   day of the concert  ,  was absolutely fantastic. The  audience  was so excited to see the concert that we had to place some  bouncers   in  front of the  stage    to  stop     people  coming on the concert floor . Finally, the concert was exactly  what  the people were  expecting .
I  hope  that the next time you will come with me!
I'm looking forward to hearing  what you think  about this!
See you soon.
DEAR MRS. HELEN RYAN
COMPETITION ORGANISER
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THE NICE SURPRISE YOU'VE    GIVEN    ME .  I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE    THAT I WON THE FIRST PRIZE. HERE IS THE INFORMATION YOU ASKED FOR:
. I'M AFRAID I CAN ONLY GO  (ON*/IN)  JULY BECAUSE DURING THAT  MONTH  I WILL HAVE  MY   SCHOOL HOLIDAYS , SO THAT WILL  BE  FOR ME THE ONLY  CHANCE   OF   TAKING  2 WEEKS OFF.
. THE KIND OF  ACCOMMODATION  I PREFER IS    A TENT BECAUSE  (IN*/AT)      SUMMER  CAMP I FIND IT MORE INTERESTING SLEEPING  OUTSIDE  UNDER THE SKY WHEN THE WEATHER IS NICE AND WARM.
. THERE ARE TWO ACTIVITIES I WOULD LIKE TO  DO : BASKETBALL AND PAINTING.  I'M  QUITE GOOD  AT  PLAYING BASKETBALL BECAUSE I USED TO PLAY FOR ABOUT FIVE YEARS AT SCHOOL .  WE USED TO HAVE  TRAINING   SESSIONS  TWICE A WEEK AND AT LEAST TWO GAMES  A  MONTH AGAINST ANOTHER  SCHOOL , WHICH WAS GREAT. PAINTING ALWAYS DID  FASCINATE  ME, EVEN  THOUGH  I'M NOT SO GOOD  (ON*/AT)  IT, BUT MY FRIENDS    SAY I CAN REALLY PAINT AND THEY LOVE THE THINGS I DO .  THE  TECHNIQUE  I LIKE THE MOST IS  WATERCOLOURS .
I STILL HAVE SOME QUESTIONS:
- CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME HOW  THE WEATHER IS  THEN, SO I CAN TAKE THE PROPER CLOTHES?
- MY PARENTS AND  I  ,  WE ARE NOT SURE HOW MUCH MONEY    I NEED FOR THE TWO WEEKS, CAN YOU GIVE ME A LITTLE HELP? THANK YOU VERY MUCH AND I HOPE  TO HEAR  FROM YOU SOON.
YOURS SINCERELY
H. PENA.
DEAR KIM
HELLO MY GOOD FRIEND!   I'M SO GLAD TO HEAR FROM YOU AND TO KNOW THAT YOU ARE WEALTHY AND HAPPY. DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT MY  EXPERIENCE  HELPING AT THE POP CONCERT IN OUR TOWN?   WELL THAT'S GREAT, BECAUSE IT WAS A TERRIFIC DAY. FIRST WE STARTED VERY EARLY IN THE MORNING ,  BUILDING    THE STAGE AND THE TENT WHERE THE GROUP WAS GOING TO PLAY, YOU KNOW ,  JUST IN CASE  IT RAINED  .  BUT WE WERE VERY LUCKY AND THE WEATHER WAS SUNNY AND WARM.
THEN CAME THE GUY WHO INSTALLED THE SOUND  EQUIPMENT  (CABLES, BOXES, WIRES, ETC) AND IT WAS VERY INTERESTING SEEING HIM AT WORK .  EVERYTHING HAD TO BE  (ON*/IN)  THE RIGHT PLACE, PERFECTLY INSTALLED AND PROTECTED ,  TO AVOID ACCIDENTS.
AT ABOUT FIVE O'CLOCK EVERYTHING WAS READY AND THE BAND CAME  (IN*/ON)  .  THERE WERE ALREADY PLENTY OF  FANS  WAITING FOR THE CONCERT TO BEGIN, WHICH STARTED AT 7 O'CLOCK. I KNOW THE MUSICIANS FROM    SCHOOL   ,  WHICH IS  WHY IT WAS EVEN MORE FUN TO HELP AND TO TAKE PART  (ON*/IN)  THIS EVENT, SPECIALLY BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE THE MUSIC THEY PLAY.
THE  CROWD  WENT CRAZY DURING THE  2-HOUR  CONCERT AND    I HELPED AS WELL ,  SELLING  CDS   -   IF THEY  GO  ON SELLING THAT  MANY , THEY ARE GOING TO BE  VERY FAMOUS FOR SURE  .....
DO YOU WANT TO KNOW SOMETHING ELSE ABOUT IT?
JUST LET ME KNOW
BEST WISHES
HERBERTO
Dear Helen Ryan,
I am writing to thank  you  for  notifying  me about the competition and I would be very  grateful      to give  to you the information  that  was  requested  in your letter.
I regret to inform you that I have had some problems in my full-time sales assistant job so, I would rather travel only in July than other months.
About the Accommodation ,  I would like you to take careful consideration  of the fact  that I am  asthmatic   ,so  I would  appreciate  it if you could reserve a bed in  a   log cabin .
Your letter also mentioned some kind of activities in which we can  get involved   (through*/during)  the  camp . I would like to choose painting and photography which are my  favourite  ones. I have recently finished a  three-year  course  (of*/in)  painting and I  have always been  fascinated by    photography.
 On the other hand,  I would also like to know  about some  further details like  whether  we need to bring  some clothes with us  or  whether   they  will be provided  (to*/for)  us and if we need some money in case we have to  buy  something.
I hope to see you soon.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Hi.  How are you ? You may be asking why I haven't written to you before. Well, I've been very busy ,  you know. Two weeks ago I enrolled in a group to help  on  building a stage for a concert  to be given by  a famous singer   .
 The activities   lasted  almost 2  and a half days .
The first day we  had  to  go  to the airport to bring all the equipment by  lorry  to the camp. It was really awful and hard. I finished the day  extremely  tired. However, the second day was less   heavy   than the first one. We just worked  (in*/on)  building the stage and all  that sort  of thing. Putting the  instruments  in the right place, testing all the  microphones  as well as the sound was the rest of the job.
At the end I must confess that it was really amazing  hang up and down  all the equipment ,  which varied from small  microphones  to a marvellous huge    black  TV screen .
If you  have  this  opportunity  one day, you had better buy the ticket to the concert or just watch it on TV but never do something like  this  just to get a free pass.
 My regards  to your family. Write  to  me soon.
Dear Madam
I am very happy to win this prize and I am going to give you some information  that you need from me  to  ensure   that I  have a good time at Camp California.
I would like to  go  only in July because I have  had  my holidays  booked   for   that  month since last January.
 If it is possible I want  a  log cabin   for my  accommodation because I have been suffering  (from*/with)  my back since my childhood, therefore I need a  comfortable   place to sleep .
I will be pleased to swim and paint when I am at the camp. I selected swimming because it is a cure  (against*/for)  my  backache  and I have not  done   it  since I started my new job five years ago. I also  chose  painting because I have never done  it  before .  I would like to learn and moreover I want to do a  relaxing  activity.
 Could  you tell me approximately how much money I have to take for    food, please?
Yours  faithfully .
Xavier Fournier
How many times have we heard people complaining about shopping? Sometimes, they are happy to  go  shopping ,  but why?  Therefore,  shopping can be enjoyable but  that  is not always the case.
Shopping is enjoyable when you want to  give   something  to someone.  In fact  you try to get a present to make  the   recipient  happy.
Shopping is also good   when you know what you want. For example if you want a new track suit you know that you have to go to a  sports  shop but if you don't know what you want you are going to waste your time in the shops.
 On the other hand , shopping can be  unenjoyable .
Shopping is boring if you go with people  who are  too fussy. That is to say, they are never happy with what they get  or  see. They always find a problem.
Shopping is not enjoyable with people who just look around the shops. It is stupid .  They  do not have any goal. They waste their time.
To conclude, I agree  that  shopping is not always enjoyable. Even if I like to  go  shopping with some people and  to some   kinds  of shops I will kill myself  if  I waste my time.
Dear Ms Helen Ryan,
I am really pleased  to hear  from you  that  I won the prize. So I can go camping for two weeks. It must be great.
As regards your questions, I would like to travel in July because at the moment I am a student and my summer holiday will start on 27th June so I can go to  the  U.S.A in July and I prefer staying in tents because I have never experienced camping in  a  tent. So exciting!
And I would like to have chances to play tennis and go swimming. In  the  case of swimming, I am really good at it but I just started playing tennis  3 weeks ago . However, I am  really  enjoying playing tennis.
Further, I have a question. Actually I have never  been  camping so I really have no idea about that. I wonder which clothes are suitable for your camping. And How about the money? Do you  know  if there  are  some occasions to spend money or not? I am really  looking forward to  going camping
Yours sincerely
JAE KWAI
Dear Helen RYAN,
I'm the winner of the first prize in your  competition  and I'm writing to you to give  you  some information which was  requested   (for*/by)  you.
Your first question was about when I'd like to travel. Well, it's only possible in July because of the  university's  holiday (during the rest of the year I'm attending    classes).
If I can choose  my  accommodation I  would  prefer  a  log  cabin , because when I've been  (in*/on)   campsites   before , it always has been in tents, then I'd like to change and try this other kind of accommodation.
It's really difficult  to choose  two activities from that list.  Every one   is  very interesting. Anyway, I think  basketball  could be the right  choice  because it's the sport that  I've been   playing   (from*/since)  I was a child ,  and photography because it's my hobby  (on*/in)  my free time .   I  really enjoy it and I can say I'm  so  good  (in*/at)  it.
I was wondering  what  kind of clothes we need and what about money and meals ?  Are they provided?  Or  can we find some places to buy  it ?
I suppose  that's  everything that you need from me.  If you have any  other  questions  don't hesitate to ask me. I'm looking forward to hearing from you, again.
Yours  sincerely ,
SHOPPING IS NOT ALWAYS ENJOYABLE.
I think shopping is a  really topical subject . I can say that nowadays  it  is  growing up  very quickly in our society ,  like a kind of sport or hobby , as a way  to waste or spend  our  free time. And it's creating a lot of  addicted  people,  called  " shopaholics ".
Otherwise shopping is not always enjoyable. You can spend hours and hours    shopping and not find what you  are  looking for, perhaps because it is not  in  your size or the colour that you like, or just nothing is suitable  (to*/for)  you. Another common problem could be the long queue in the fitting rooms , where you   wait   standing  up for your turn. After that,  there is  the unfriendly and  sometimes   impolite  shop  assistant  who  gets on  your nerves   . But never mind!  The  worst  is  when you get    home in the evening and find a chair to sit  in  because your feet are killing you and  you  realize you have spent all  your  money without buying the stuff that you need to cook tonight.
Dear Mrs Ryan
I would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the  competition   (of*/for)  two weeks at Camp California in the U.S.A.
This  August  I will start a new job so the only possible month for me to join    the  camp  is July. I hope this will cause no problems.
I am glad that you offer    accommodation not only  in  tents but also  in  log cabins. Because I am a light sleeper and have problems with my back I prefer to sleep in a log cabin with a comfortable bed.
Although it was not easy to choose two activities from your list I decided to do  singing and surfing . It is difficult to say how  well  I can sing but I really like it and I think I am not too bad. I  have never tried   surfing  in my life but I am a very good  snowboarder  and this could be an advantage.
I hope I  have given  you all  the   information  you need. There is something I  would  like to know from you.
Should I bring some special clothes (surfing) with me? How much money do you think I have to change and  is it  possible to get more (bank)?
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Rosalinde Schulz
Dear Kim
Last  Saturday  evening I  had  a wonderful time. The  motorbike  club  (of*/in)  our town organized a pop concert. A girlfriend of a member of the club asked me if I would like to help at the information desk. I did not hesitate one moment.
The only thing I had to do was  to solve  the different problems of the  audience  and just  be  there if they  had  any questions. Some people came from Germany ,  some from Austria and some came from England or the U.S.A.
Talking English with the people from England or the U.S.A. was wonderful. They were all very kind and with some of them I spent the rest of the evening and also the following day.
 It was very nice that I earned a lot of money for doing something I like very much  but the most important thing for me was meeting people, having fun and using the English language. I will never forget this evening.
Love,
Rosalinde Schulz
Dear Ms Helen Ryan
Thank you for your letter  of the  2nd of March. I am writing to give you some information about myself. I am very keen on  attending  Camp California in the U.S.A.
I will have graduated from university by the end of June and I will be available for this  trip  only in July because I will have to start working with my parents in August.  I've  always  stayed   in tents  when I  have been   (with*/on)  the university camps so I  would  prefer log cabins at Camp California because it would be a new experience for me and I would also learn how to live in  one .
 Considering  your activities at the Camp, I would choose singing and painting because I am  the  lead singer in the university band and I think I will be good at this activity. Also painting is my hobby because I have always  painted  when I have  some  spare time. I would be grateful if you could tell me some details about what type of clothes and  how  much money I should bring.
Once again, thank you for giving me a good opportunity. I look forward to going  (with*/to)  your camp in the near future.
Yours sincerely
(THONGCHAI ENPHENO)
Most people enjoy going shopping every weekend but some think that shopping is not always enjoyable  for  different reasons and  places .
In the first place, some  housewives  don't like to go to the supermarket because it is not fun to go shopping with a long list and decide which one is the first and the second. To make matters worse, you  realise   you   have forgotten  to buy something when you get back home. It is very frustrating. Moreover, if you go with your children, you will have to control them and remember things on your list at the same time and sometimes they cry when they want something in the supermarket. It is a tough chore!
Another  argument  against shopping is  the  lack of    items that you really want. Sometimes    you  see  a nice dress and you think you are going to buy it tomorrow but when you come back it is sold    or there  isn't one left in your size . I cannot imagine anything worse.
The other disadvantage is that you enjoy going shopping too much and pay  for  everything  you  buy  on your  credit card. When  the  bill comes to £1000, you  will  be shocked and regret what you  have  done.
In conclusion, I believe that shopping is not always enjoyable if you  accidentally   get into  a bad situation or you  cannot  control your expenditure carefully.
Dear Ms. Ryan
I am writing in response to the letter, which I  received  yesterday. I am really pleased to win first prize in your competition, and, I am also pleased to give  you   the  details   which you would like to know.
First of all, you asked about when I would like to travel. I am afraid that I am available to travel only  (on*/in)  July , because  I have to work all year except one  month's  holiday  (on*/in)  July.
Secondly, I would    appreciate  it  if I could stay in log cabins at Camp. I feel that  they  would be  fabulous  places with  a  western design.
Most of all, I am really interested in doing two activities. I am very good at Tennis. However, I haven't    any idea about sailing. So, I would like to try both of them.
Lastly, I would be grateful if I could have  the  following  information .
I would like to know about  the  clothes   which are suitable for activities. As well as that, I wonder if I have to take some money for extra activities and  a  few more things ? 
Thank you for  your  time and attention.
I look forward to hearing from you.
yours sincerely
Jae Hwa. Kim.
There was a meeting to talk about a video about daily life at our school.
It was thought that a normal, regular lesson, 3 optional lessons and a great deal of activities should be filmed.
 Referring  to optional lessons, it was recommended that Speaking and listening, Computer and Business English are suitable for filming. I feel that these are what students really prefer to learn.
There seems to be a general opinion that sports, art and music activities such as tennis, football, orchestra, painting,  and  photography should be included. It can show how much students  enjoy  their life in our school.
As well as that, if we filmed famous students and teachers in our school, it would be a fantastic video.
In my opinion, students can learn English from wide activities as well as lessons. That's why they prefer to film a lot of activities.
Dear Ms Helen Ryan,
Thanks a lot for your  brief  and nice letter. I am very pleased to give you the information required:
Firstly, the most suitable month would be    July because I am very busy  (in*/with)  my work now, and my children are  (in*/on)  holiday then.
Secondly, I prefer to stay in log cabins, because they are more comfortable. I confess    that I have never been in a tent and    I have never had  any  intention  of   doing  it.
The activities are really interesting and I would take part  (on*/in)  Painting and Climbing. I am not very good  at  painting, but I  choose  it because  it  is a good  opportunity  to  do  it. Personally, Climbing is an interesting activity, where you need concentration and you are working with your whole body. I don't want to  disappoint  you, but I am beginner! I choose these activities because I love challenges.
I would appreciate  it  if you  could   give  me a couple of ideas about  the  clothes I  will  need there. Thanks in advance.
 Yours sincerely ,
G. Ramos
Wuthering Heights - Emily Brontë
Not only  are bad characters in a story  more interesting than    good ones, but also  they   hold  your attention.
In this book, Heathcliff as a child  wasn't  a bad character ,  but the situations  he  lived  through  with the  Earnshaw family , where  he   grew  up, made him rude,  aggressive  and noisy.
Heathcliff used to play with Catherine. They were good friends but Heanly,  Catherine's brother ,  hated  Heathcliff. Heanley couldn't accept the good relationship and love between Catherine and Heathcliff and, for that reason ,  he sent Heathcliff to work  (in*/on)  the farm. In the  meantime  Catherine  met  Edgar Linton and  in the end  she married Edgar because of  he  money and good education.
Heathcliff promised  to avenge  himself and  dedicated  his whole life  to  taking  his  revenge. Before Heathcliff died he  achieved  what he wanted. The houses and money of the  Earnshaw and Linton families    all belonged to him ,  and he was buried near to Catherine ,  his great and only love!
13th June 2000
Dear Ms Ryan
Thank you very much for your letter which I have received    this morning.
I am so pleased that I have won the first prize in your competition.
Firstly, I would like to go to Camp California in the U.S.A in July because I still have got an examination in my college until June, 20th. So if it's possible could you  arrange  it for me please. And also, I would prefer the log cabins to the tents ,   as  I have never slept in  a   sleeping  bag before. I imagine I  couldn't  sleep at all.
Secondly, I would like to play basketball and tennis at the Camp. They are my two choices of activities , because  I used to play tennis and basketball for ages.
Finally, could you give me your suggestion about money and clothes. What  kinds  of clothes are suitable to take with me and  could I have any benefit from you for my trip or not . Could you please send me more information about this.
I am looking forward to receiving your reply soon.
Yours sincerely,
Yumi Nakamura
13th June 2000
Dear Kim
Hi! How are you? Thank you for your kind letter and I am glad to  hear  about your news.
Kim, I would like to tell you my wonderful experience last month! On 5th of May ,  which was  a  national holiday in Japan, I had a part-time  job  at a pop concert in the Tokyo Dome.
The pop singer  was  called Hikaru Utada, she is only seventeen years old but she is the most popular singer now in Japan. The concert  started   at  7.00 p.m. At that time I was  (in*/on)  the second floor where I had to work   .  I did a part of gard job.  I stood up in front of  the   audience  and  I had given an attention to them . I couldn't see 'Hikaru' but I still could hear her songs. I thought if you were here I could really enjoy  it  with you.
All of her  fans  were  stood  up the whole concert and dancing.  I was so exciting night. 
Some of  the   fans  were not good at all because they shouted and argued, but most of  the  people were very good. I had enjoyed  my wonderful experience so much .
I am looking
Please give my regards to your family
Love
Dear Helen Ryan,
I would like to thank you for your letter! I went in for your competition and I was really anxious about the results. I am surprised that I won the first prize but also very happy about it! Therefore it  is  my pleasure to reply to your letter.
Firstly, I would like to arrive at the Camp in July if that is possible because I am working and I will not have spare time before  then .
Secondly, you  mention  "tents or log cabins" as the accommodation provided. I would rather  stay  in a tent than a log cabin in order to be close to nature .  I adore the sound of the wind, trees, animals and everything which  surrounds   me .  I could feel the environment .
Thirdly,  regarding  the activities I have to choose, I would prefer swimming  and  tennis. I have gained some experience in playing tennis due to the tennis court that we used to have at home. I do  a lot of sports  ,  so apart from  playing  tennis I am a member  (in*/of)  our local swimming centre. I can  assure  you that  I am gradually  improving my sports skills.
Finally, I would like to ask you  what  kind of clothes    I  should   bring  with me. Is the weather changeable? I was also wondering if I will need any money. I would appreciate  it  if you could let me know as soon as possible.
I hope the information given will be of use. I have tried to be as helpful as possible.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
I am writing to you about my  recent  experience. I know how impatient you are  to hear  about it and I just want to let you know that it was    amazing!
As I've told you, last month I went  (at*/to)  a pop concert and I really  enjoyed  helping with the preparation. It took place in a huge stadium which had over  4,000  seats for the " spectators " if you can call them  that . Can you imagine?
There was a large stage which we had to  sweep clean . That was a little bit odd but    funny at the same time. Another thing we had to do was help the staff to  move  some equipment. The musicians  brought  it in order to achieve a high standard of  sound quality . We had to be very careful. Have you any idea how much    this stuff  is  worth? You don't even want to know.
Apart from  this  ,  we were mainly helping the singers to  prepare  for the concert. They had to  choose  their clothes,  and   do  one last  rehearsal  before the big night and everything had to be perfect!
Even if I could use 100 sheets it wouldn't be enough to describe my experience and the things that  I gained   (through*/from)  it! I've learned the meaning of the words "reliability" and "responsibility". Anyway the result of the whole preparation is <NS type="M"></NS> far more enjoyable and relaxing.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes
Dear Mrs. Ryan
Before answering your letter (which I have just  received ) about the prize  (of*/for)  the competition I recently won, I'd like to  say     thank you very much for giving me the chance of  going  to the USA. It is just a dream come true!
I have been asked to say when I would like  to travel . There's only one month for that: July (as I am working all the year round and I am not available to leave my job).
About the  accommodation  ,  I  think  I would prefer to be in a log cabin instead of a tent, since it is more comfortable.
During my two  weeks at  Camp California, I'd like to  practise  climbing and surfing,  the basics of which  I know perfectly well.
I am quite good at both because I do usually  practise  them. Furthermore, I love to  do  such sports!
In addition to this, I would like to know the  amount  of money I should bring, as well as the kind of clothes that  I  could need and the sort of people that I will find there.
Don't hesitate to contact me if there's any problem, and thank you very much again.
Yours sincerely,
Bola
Hi Kim!
How are you?
It has been so long since I wrote to you    last time...
Hey, guess what: I  helped  a friend at a pop concert!
It was great, and I got my  ticket  for free!
It happened by chance: I was walking down the street when I bumped into Jane, my old friend, who asked me if I wanted to join her and a couple of mates to help at the concert.
I agreed unwillingly, as I couldn't imagine  what  a pop concert  would be  like... but when I  went  in I changed my mind!
None of the groups  are  known  at the moment , but I  believe  they are well on their way to becoming famous bands.
My tasks were serving drinks and some other stuff, and  staying  there after the concert to clean everything. This was the best part because when everyone was gone, Billy Joel arrived to give his support to the  beginners !!! What was a  guy  like that doing in such a place? I couldn't  believe  my    eyes... Jane took a photograph of us  together . I'll send you a copy as soon as I can.
Lots of  kisses  from
Bola
xxx
Dear Mr. Ryan
Thank you for your letter. I have just received the letter from you. I am really pleased that I have won first prize in your competition  at  Camp California in  the  U.S.A.
I would like to travel in July this year because I think the weather will be nice and I can take a holiday. I would like to use a tent for my accommodation. I think it is more interesting than  a  log  cabin . I can be  closer   to   nature  and I have never used tents before. It seems to be exciting.
I choose swimming and painting for my activities while I am at the Camp. I really like swimming. When I was a child, I used to go swimming with my family at the weekend ,  having a chat, making a barbecue, playing games. It was such a good time. I enjoy painting as well. My mother told me that I'm good at painting. When I was in high school, I won second prize in a painting competition. My parents were very  proud  of me.
Could I ask you some questions? I would like to know  what  kind of clothes I should bring to the camp. How much money should I bring    and can I use my credit card at the camp?
I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely,
Dear Kim,
Thank you for your letter. I'm sorry that I've taken such a long time to reply  to  your letter because I'm really busy and I have to study harder. I'm taking the final exam next month. Lucky me!
I've got some great news to tell you. Last month, I  got  a part-time job. I really enjoyed helping at a pop concert. As you know, I'm crazy about pop music. Before the concert I was really  excited . I couldn't sleep well and I didn't know what I had to do  (in*/at)  the concert.
It was such a big concert. There were lots of singers and  a  band. Of course, there were lots of  spectaculars . First, I was in front of the entrance door. I had to check tickets. I was really  excited . My hands were  trembling  but I did it very well. After that, I went    back stage. I could see lots of pop stars. I'm sorry that I didn't ask  if I could take any pictures of them  for you. I was really busy. I had to take care of them and did everything they  wanted . For instance, taking them to  the  toilet, making coffee for them, helping them find their stuff. It was really busy but I really enjoyed it.
I learnt lots of thing     there  that I couldn't learn from school. I had to be more patient. I  met  lots of people  (from*/with)  different  jobs .  I   had  a great time.
I'd better close now. I've got lots of homework to do. Take care of yourself and I look forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes,
Dear Sir or Madam,
Thank you for your letter. I'm very happy that I have won.
You ask me when I would like to travel? I can travel only in July because I  only have a holiday from my work  in this month. So it would be very nice   if  that's  possible.
 Regarding  the  accommodation  at the  camp , I would prefer the tents, because it is something different  which  you don't  do   every day !
Then the activities that I would like to do are  singing  and  swimming .  I like singing  because it's my favourite hobby and I grew up with it and  swimming  because I like water and the feeling that you have when you are in it. Another reason for  choosing  swimming is that I'm good at it because a few years ago I had lessons, where I  learned   to swim very well .
 Finally  I've got a question: What clothes must I bring with me and how much money?
I'm looking forward  to  hearing from you.
yours  faithfully ,
Everybody likes shopping!  Looking  for clothes and shoes is for every  woman  one of  her  favourite  hobbies  and if it were possible  she  would stay  in the shopping-centre the whole day .
But shopping isn't always enjoyable.
Sometimes it isn't so easy to find what you need. For example: you  have in your memory  a great pair of shoes that you  saw  last week in a shop. Now you  want   to buy  it but it's nowhere to  be found ! That's a pity!
Sometimes it's  really  awful when you have to wait  a  very long  time  until it's your turn to pay or to try some clothes on.
Another thing that makes you  furious    is when you see a great shirt in  a  shop and somebody else  takes  it away or  buys  it before you can react.  Those  things  happen  to everybody,  don't  they?
So you see that shopping isn't always enjoyable.
Dear Mrs. Ryan , 
I'm glad to receive your letter. I'm very happy to know that I have won the first prize. It will be great to spend two weeks at Camp California. First of all, I would like to say that the only month available  (from*/for)  me to travel is July. I finish my classes on the 25th of June and August is  reserved  for going with my parents to France. This  was scheduled  3 months ago.
About accommodation, I would prefer the log cabins because I think they are  cleaner  than the tents. While I'm  staying  there I would like to practise tennis and basketball, as I have been playing both sports all my life, and I have to say that I am very good at both.
There is one question I would like to ask you about the Camp. I would like to know if there are any washing machines or a place to wash our clothes.
I hope this letter contains all the information you need from me. I look forward to hearing from you.
Yours sincerely
From my point of view, the real question is: Who said that is enjoyable? Maybe for women, but not for me. I know that this sounds horrible, but sometimes it's what really happens. For men, sometimes  it  is hard to go shopping with their partners. Sometimes that means a complete tour around all the fashion shops in town. And of course, we are not allowed to stop in a place that we like , the   sports shop . You cannot  waste     time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive. And that is  always  what we want. That's men's intention.
Another point is to go  to  a big area , especially   at   weekends . Everyone pushing a trolley and crashing around. People should have to  get  a  licence  to drive those things. Someone could be injured. And of course, the time to pay. A huge  queue  that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out. In conclusion, for me ,  to go shopping is not enjoyable at all.
